{"reviewerID": "A3EJYJC25OJVKK", "asin": "5555991584", "reviewerName": "Distant Voyageur \"Nicholas Computer\"", "helpful": [5, 5], "reviewText": "Enya is one of of the most mysterious singers in music today. I consider her to be one of the few female singers who in my opinion can still make some great angelic melodies that don't sound banal or cheap even though some of her songs are so short as to be almost like unfinished demo tapes( Will she someday produce and compose a song that is about eight ot nine minutes long). The Memory Of Trees is my second favorite CD of hers behing Watermark which I consider to be her strongest outing to date. I doubt Enya will topple Watermark to tell you the truth.Many people say that this is a sunny album. Well, it is kind of true. The sunniness is evidenced on the title track, Anywhere Is, and the Orinoco Flow-esque On My Way Home. Generally I think of this album as an album for a cloudy, romantic autumn evening with the leaves a bright red, orange and yellow. Several songs are quite dark and cloudy but not stormy like let's say Storms In Africa, Exile, or creepy like Evening Falls. This album is a gorgeous musical journey that trancends boundaries. I find this to be like the darker companion to the sunniness of A Day Without Rain which followed this one five years later.I usually go with the darker material that Enya does but I enjoy the brighter material as well( I love music that is dark and stormy).The title track is a gorgeous instrumental that has Enya returning to the days of the Celts CD. Instead of the usual piano instrumental that introduced us to Watermark, Shephard Moons, and A Day Without Rain we get a song that is more synthesized and with thundering beats to bop your head to combined with Enyas multilayered vocals that starts out as a cloudy minor note and after about 30 seconds it morphs into a major note to give an impression of the sun shining through the clouds on a warm autumn afternoon. This song is more similar to the Celts than the piano instrumentals of most of her albums although this song is much brighter than the Celts title track. Anywhere Is is like the blueprint of Enyas big-selling A Day Without Rain. It's a very bright, sunny song with rhythm that could make you almost bop your head along with. This song is more legato although there are hints of the staccato pizzicato strings that would dominate a lot of Enyas A Day Without Rain. I love the quiet middle part of the song. It kind of reminds me of the quiet bridge of Orinoco Flow a few years before then. After the sunniness we head into darker, mistier territory of Pax Deorum. This song is another dark almost Gothic piece that features Enya singing in Latin with a very misty feel. In the middle of the song the rhythm pauses and the sing becomes a major note for about a minute giving an imression of the sun breaking through the dark clouds. I consider this to be Enyas best 'Gothic' song to this day. It's almost like the darker side of Heaven if you could call it that. The song reverts back into a dark misty minor note song. Athair Ar Neamh is a very sad, cloudy evening song that features Enya singing in Gaelic. This song is a very beautiful, theme for a guy who is having a lonely summer. The song ends in a major note key like the sun breaking out just before it goes down. From Where I am is a beautiful piano instrumental. China Roses is a gorgeous, breathtaking, ambient song that made me get this album. It's one of Enyas most stunning compositions to date in my opinion. China Roses is a very romantic song that brings up images two lovers walking alongside the waterfront with the red leaves falling onto the surface of a pond with a large garden of roses and a huge crystal castle in the background. China Roses is one of Enyas most brilliant songs to this day. This song is the winner on the Memory Of Trees. Hope Has A Place is a another beautiful song that is similar to China Roses although not quite as powerful or mind- stimulating but still great. This song is a song about how hope is still existant even in bleak situations. This song reminds me of How Can I Keep From Singing from Shepard Moons. Tea-House Moon is one of the best Enya instrumentals I have ever listened to. It's a very stunning song with high pitched synths in the background with electronic synths in the foreground. This song is one to enjoy when it's cloudy and the red leaves are falling to the ground. This song is one of my favorites off this CD. Once You Had Gold is one song that you probably shouldn't play if you have not had much sleep because it's one song that will sooth your soul. I fell asleep in class a few times in the past listening to this song *giggles*. This song though is great though. I enjoy it alot on a cloudy evening. La Sonadora is a very haunting song that features Enya singing in Spanish. This song is very dark and spooky although not stormy or scary as let's say Exile, Storms In Africa or the dynamite Na Leatha Geal M'Oige but this song is one of the darker songs off this album. The chants remind me a bit of Smaointe from a decade ago. We brighten up again with the closing track On My Way Home. This song that contains many elements of the 1988 hit Orinoco Flow although not as spooky as that one. This song is much brighter than Orinoco and happier. This song is like the predecessor to the brightness of A Day Without Rain that followed this one five years later...I consider this to be one of Enyas strongest albums to date. Only Watermark surpasses this one and it's not by too much. I strongly recommend that all Enya fans buy this amazing masterpiece. It's gorgeous and an album for the soul...", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The album for a romantic autumn evening", "unixReviewTime": 1040428800, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2002"}
{"reviewerID": "AHUT55E980RDR", "asin": "5555991584", "reviewerName": "Neal C. Reynolds", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "(...)She is one of a kind, and this album only enhances her contribution to musical enjoyment. As always, the instrumental opening sets a mood, followed by the lively \"Anywhere Is\", a song which grew on me each time I listened. Each song is exquisite, but for me, \"China Roses\" is the most delicately crafted song. However, \"Once You Had Gold\" which isn't mentioned as much is another of the highpoints. \"On My Way Home\" is a fitting conclusion to the album. I have heard rumors that not everybody likes Enya, and if there is a person who doesn't like her, then he or she shouldn't get this CD, but for everybody else, this is one of the essential CD's for your collection.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Pure, angelic, spiritual,", "unixReviewTime": 995328000, "reviewTime": "07 17, 2001"}
{"reviewerID": "A16KCH578FG4B4", "asin": "5555991584", "reviewerName": "Russell Diederich", "helpful": [8, 9], "reviewText": "Enya has one of the most beautiful voices of this day. Her voice is fitting for the style of music she sings. Clear as a bell, her voice is airy and light, as she sings in English, Latin, or Gaelic. There is a lot of power in her voice. The music she chooses supports her voice appropriately, and adds to her sound. She has the ability to conjure up images with each note she sings. Like all of her previous albums, this one is again excellent.There are a many great songs on this album. \"China Roses\" has that airy sound that Enya is well known for. She sings the backing vocal as an arpeggio of three long notes of just her voice. Over it, she sings the lyrics of the song in her crisp tone, almost like a crystal bell ringing. The Latin sounding \"Pax Deorum\" has a medieval sound to it. Again, she utilizes her voice singing in the background, to add counterpoint to the lyrics.  \"Anywhere Is\" sounds like the perfect single for the album. Much more upbeat than the other songs, it has a very staccato feel making it a very energetic song. On the opposite end of the spectrum is \"Hope Has a Place\". Here her voice has a very haunting quality to it, made even more so with the organ playing behind her. It is a very beautiful song.I'm amazed at how Enya can keep making new albums that sound similar to her previous ones, yet be totally new for the listener as well. Her voice is aging well, and she seems to improve with each passing album. I hope to hear much more from her in the future, as there is always room in my collection for her beautiful voice.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Beautiful", "unixReviewTime": 1044921600, "reviewTime": "02 11, 2003"}
{"reviewerID": "A200C7YQJ45LRR", "asin": "B0000000ZW", "reviewerName": "Anthony Rupert \"shut up, Shut Up, SHUT UP!!!\"", "helpful": [1, 1], "reviewText": "In 1994 R. Kelly introduced us to Cassandra Lucas and Charisse Rose, better known as Changing Faces. Their very first single \"Stroke You Up\" had men everywhere saying \"Yes you can.\" Then came \"Foolin' Around\", and with songs like that already out, people were wondering when the album was coming out.This album gives you a taste of solid R&B.; Silky ballads like the two aforementioned tracks are accompanied by songs like \"Come Closer\" and \"Keep It Right There\" as well as the two best tracks, \"Thoughts Of You\" and \"All Is Not Gone\". Not one song here is fast-forwardable.The only problem I could really see with this album is the lack of varied subject matter. For example, there are FOUR kick-your-man-to-the-curb songs (\"Foolin' Around\", \"Am I Wasting My Time\", \"Movin' On\" and \"Good Thing\"). Still, this album is a very good listen. Way to go, ladies!", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "How To Be Blown Away", "unixReviewTime": 1017014400, "reviewTime": "03 25, 2002"}
{"reviewerID": "A268MFPSNVICJS", "asin": "B0000000ZW", "reviewerName": "bernedine fontenot", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "OMG ! sounds even better that when they first came out with this cd. I love these girls.they have beautiful voices.Sure wish the would have continued their career in singing ordid they and i am not updated enough to know of this.I STILL LOVE THIS CD!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "changing faces cd", "unixReviewTime": 1391126400, "reviewTime": "01 31, 2014"}
{"reviewerID": "A1X93ES4DITTWK", "asin": "B0000000ZW", "reviewerName": "Blueberry Muffin", "helpful": [2, 9], "reviewText": "In high school \"Stroke You Up\" was the jam, so I went downtown and bought the cassette. Let me tell you something: It took me 2 days to listen to it because it was utterly boring. Even \"Stroke You Up\" became unbearable to listen to. No funk, no groove- just lukewarm soul. That was the first *and* the last time I listened to \"Changing Faces.\" The two chicks who made up \"Changing Faces\" had airy, monotonous vocals- no edge to their voices at all. Even the album cover looked boring. These chicks had no style or any type of pizzazz at all. Skip this at all costs and get Zhane.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Wack in '94. . .Still Wack in `06", "unixReviewTime": 1146182400, "reviewTime": "04 28, 2006"}
{"reviewerID": "A3BLMCU4V5J2DX", "asin": "B0000000ZW", "reviewerName": "\"khoty\"", "helpful": [1, 1], "reviewText": "A lot of people didn't know about this cd when it came out. This was and still is a great buy. the singing is (PRICELESS).......", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "PRICELESS", "unixReviewTime": 955152000, "reviewTime": "04 8, 2000"}
{"reviewerID": "A1O8U0FEBTGRJP", "asin": "B00000016T", "reviewerName": "C. Upperstrom \"dj-diezman\"", "helpful": [3, 5], "reviewText": "I originally had the Cars debut on 8track twenty something years ago--The tape pulled out (remember how 8 tracks did that?) so I bought the record album--after playing it soooo many times I was able to see through it--I  went and bought the cassette--needless to say--I wore it out too. I now  have the CD and am trying my hardest to wear it out. The format may wear  out but great tunes never die--I must have listened to the Cars debut album  over a thousand times--it's still great. A classic among classics.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT ALBUMS OF THE 70S'&amp;80S'", "unixReviewTime": 953769600, "reviewTime": "03 23, 2000"}
{"reviewerID": "A250BI36M1IR26", "asin": "B00000016T", "reviewerName": "Eric Kent", "helpful": [3, 7], "reviewText": "I loved the Cars, soooo oringinal.the more time passes, the better they are.And this is the set of songs that launched the legendary band.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "this is great!!! Oh how I miss the Cars", "unixReviewTime": 1104796800, "reviewTime": "01 4, 2005"}
{"reviewerID": "A10I9Y44HCRPG", "asin": "B00000016T", "reviewerName": "H. Rogers", "helpful": [2, 22], "reviewText": "cOMEON- AN ALBUMthis GREAT-no one is going to read all the accurate 5 star reviews- would you? me either. list the 8 great Debute albums and this will be listed on most. I wonder what universe this would not be considered great- not a universe I would want to be in.  If you REALLY need to be convinced read all the 5 star reviews.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "SERIOUSLY????", "unixReviewTime": 1276905600, "reviewTime": "06 19, 2010"}
{"reviewerID": "A14BTJRH9VNLJJ", "asin": "B00000016T", "reviewerName": "Kurt A. Johnson", "helpful": [3, 3], "reviewText": "The Cars was one of the most original bands to come out of the late 70s/early 80s, a band that helped set the yardstick for New Wave. This was their first album, coming out in 1978, and is in my humble opinion to be the best album that the band cut. Just about all of its tracks are great, and not just the hits \"Just What I Needed,\" \"My Best Friend's Girl\" and \"Good Times Roll.\"If you are a fan of New Wave music, then you will love this album. Heck, even if is just that you fondly remember the music of the late 70s/early 80s, then you will love this album, too. Do yourself a favor, and buy this album!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The best album that the Cars cut", "unixReviewTime": 1366675200, "reviewTime": "04 23, 2013"}
{"reviewerID": "A31I5XTQ5BAR9F", "asin": "B00000016T", "reviewerName": "Paul H Turley", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "These remarks are aboutASIN B0000262U4'The Cars' import CD on the Warner Bros UK label.You already know whether you like the Cars' debut album. But there are many CD pressings out there and many of them sound awful. This one sounds great; without the heavy-handed compression, EQ, and brickwall limiting of so many 'remastered' discs, this sounds like the original vinyl. If you want this album on CD,this CDis the one you want.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great New Wave album, sounding good", "unixReviewTime": 1393891200, "reviewTime": "03 4, 2014"}
{"reviewerID": "A1U2T71CDVKFRH", "asin": "B00000016T", "reviewerName": "P. robb \"pedro\"", "helpful": [1, 1], "reviewText": "I got this album on vinyl when it came out in the 70s. Every song good...and I think their best album. One of the first New Wave albums but also retro at the same time. Get it, you already know most of the songs.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Must Have Classic", "unixReviewTime": 1376697600, "reviewTime": "08 17, 2013"}
{"reviewerID": "A1BJJVV2B5VLUQ", "asin": "B00000016T", "reviewerName": "R. Gorham \"RCG2\"", "helpful": [20, 23], "reviewText": "THE BAND: Ric Ocasek (vocals, rhythm guitar), Elliot Easton (lead guitar), Benjamin Orr (vocals, bass), Greg Hawkes (keyboards, percussion, saxophone), David Robinson (drums & percussion).THE DISC: (1978) 9 tracks clocking in at just over 35 minutes. Included with the disc is a minimal 2-page foldout containing song titles/times, band members and original black & white photos/artwork. Digitally remastered in 1990. There is a deluxe remastered 2-disc (disc-2 is all demos) edition released in 1999. Label - Elektra.COMMENTS: The Cars were never better than this debut album. Rock and pop with a synth/techno alternative flavor. Classic songs that sounded like nothing else at the time. The Cars were \"New Wave\" before there was New Wave (which hit in the early 80's). 9 songs - with only one question mark (filler?) in \"I'm In Touch With Your World\". The other 8 tracks were gold (the album reached #18 on the Billboard Pop charts and has sold over 6 million units). Ric Ocasek's quirky voice teamed with bassist Ben Orr's smooth voice worked well together. Greg Hawke on keyboards made & pulled this band tighter. The songs that made it to major air-waves were \"Let The Good Times Roll\", \"My Best Friend's Girl\", and \"Just What I Needed\". But, check out tracks 6-9... \"You're All I've Got Tonight\", \"Bye Bye Love\", \"Moving In Stereo\" and \"All Mixed Up\" run together fluidly - these are awesome album tracks. Sure this band looked like a bunch of geeks, but man when they came together with their instruments, they really made some beautiful music. Only their 2nd album \"Candy-O\" came close, but no album of the Cars was better than this one. This debut is ranked #282 on Rolling Stone Magazine's list of 500 all-time greatest albums. R.I.P. Benjamin Orr (10/3/00). Classic disc (5 stars).", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Classic debut - A band ahead of their time", "unixReviewTime": 959212800, "reviewTime": "05 25, 2000"}
{"reviewerID": "A2TSHD7SWDGS58", "asin": "B00000016T", "reviewerName": "Rohit R \"greatdoc\"", "helpful": [0, 2], "reviewText": "THE CARS ARE AN EXTREMELY TALENTED AOR BAND FRONTED BY RIC OCASEK.THIS BAND IS VERY GOOD JUST LIKE PINK FLOYD,CREAM,THE ROLLING STONES,AC/DC AND QUEEN.THEIR DEBUT IS THEIR BEST.PICK IT UP RIGHT AWAY BUT IGNORE THE PREVIOUS REVIEWER AND HIS LOUSY RECMMENDATIONS.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "THE CARS ARE VERY GOOD", "unixReviewTime": 1165708800, "reviewTime": "12 10, 2006"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SF8H9HGK194L", "asin": "B00000016T", "reviewerName": "socalbiga", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "&#34;We used to joke that the first album should be called The Cars' greatest Hits.&#34; said guitariest Elliot Easton. their debut was arty and punchy enough to be part of Boston' New Wave scene, yet so catchy that nearly every track (&#34;Good Times Roll,&#34; &#34;My Best Friends Girl&#34;) landed on the radio.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "START OF MRV", "unixReviewTime": 1393459200, "reviewTime": "02 27, 2014"}
{"reviewerID": "A3HU0B9XUEVHIM", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Andre S. Grindle \"Andre' Grindle\"", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "Brian Wilson once said of this album he wanted to write songs on \"more than one level\". And since the term \"classic album\" is often overdone and often used without care,Brian's own terms seem to define this album very much. And there are very few full lengh albums over the years that I can say exist on more than one level. The works of Marvin Gaye,Stevie Wonder and The Beatles come to mind. This is one of those records I can put on with absolutely no urge to skip over any songs. The key to the entire success of this album was arrangement. Inspired by the vocal harmonies of pop and doo-wop groups along with the wall of sound production of Phil Spector Wilson created this,which basically amounts to his debut solo album co-staring The Beach Boys on vocals and harmonizes. Aside from that Carl,Dennis,Mike and Al had precious little to do with the music on this album. That's where the name comes from. These were,in fact Brian's \"pet sounds\". Based on musical influences that impacted on him personally.This album is home to some truly wonderful songs. Much heard and well known hits such as \"Would'nt It Be Nice\" and \"God Only Knows\" being among them. And interestingly enough if those songs excite and amaze you,than the rest of this album will be right up your alley. Much as The BeatlesSgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Bandwas supposed to be (but which even John Lennon admitted it actually wasn't) this album is completely musically and thematically unified. This is not the work of an adolescent celebrating California surf culture. This is the work of a reflective and yearning 20 something who'd by this point already experienced physical abuse,mental illness and was now married with a baby on the way. Speaking for a generation obsessed with the eternal youth,this sets the record straight on that. On \"I Know There's An Answer\",\"Caroline No\",\"Here Today\" and beautifully chorded pieces such as \"I Just Wasn't Made For These Times\",\"Don't Talk\" and \"That's Not Me\" there's this prevailing sense that the singer-songwriter who once mused about the delights of being \"in my room\" now saw the music world as forcing him to pay a big price for non conformity.Musically? Well on this you here an album that goes for redefining what rock and roll was. Rather than having a lot of distorted guitars in the mix,playing three noisy chords you have elaborate organ/piano/horn/rhythm based songs that are more about melody,harmonic and chordal invention that making noise and \"rocking out\". On the instrumental title track for example you realize this album has a lot more in common with types of Northern soul recordings from Dusty Springfield or Georgie Fame for example. It's not by any means a guitar rock album. Bands such as the High Llama's would later make music very much based on this sound. But it definitely extends off the Beach Boys surf sound into something that comes very directly from Brian Wilson's soul. He would in fact suffer something of an emotional breakdown whilst attempting to outdo himself with the follow up album to this. That also mixed with the fact the blood and sweat perfectionism Brian put into this product wasn't fully appreciated by every member of the Beach Boys. But that's another story.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "It Was Uniquely Wonderful Than. And It Still Remains so", "unixReviewTime": 1321056000, "reviewTime": "11 12, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1IKOYZVFHO1XP", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "andy8047", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "This album was originally released on and is still distributed by Capitol Records. Capitol's original catalog number is DT 2458 for the stereo LP and T 2458 for the mono LP. The stereo copies were \"duophonic\",meaning they could only be played on stereo phonographs for maximum sound quality. But then again,you'd get good quality sound if you played a duophonic copy on a monaural phonograph. Stereo LP copies of THE BEST OF THE BEACH BOYS were \"duophonic\" also. Hits from this album include SLOOP JOHN B.,GOD ONLY KNOWS and WOULDN'T IT BE NICE?. This album was a best-seller when it was released in 1966. The Beach Boys were still in their teen idol phase then as was their Capitol labelmates,The Beatles and Peter & Gordon. Also then,Brian Wilson began to have problems with drugs. He'd remain with the band in the studio but turned his duties on the stage to Bruce Johnston. All the other songs are good.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Cool album!", "unixReviewTime": 1107216000, "reviewTime": "02 1, 2005"}
{"reviewerID": "A33L1SEOXFGL44", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Ashra", "helpful": [19, 24], "reviewText": "It's now very well known that the labelling on this disc is deceptive - it was NOT taken from the original analog master tape, but from a second generation copy and DAT. Sonically, it is not bad, but not anywhere close to the earlier gold CD from the now defunct DCC. Not enough of an upgrade over the last Capitol remaster to be worthwhile.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not FROM THE ORIGINAL MASTERS!", "unixReviewTime": 1240963200, "reviewTime": "04 29, 2009"}
{"reviewerID": "AH1KJ45IQTM4T", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Benjamin", "helpful": [18, 73], "reviewText": "I am very disapointed! After looking for this album for 10 years, at least I bought it and ... masterpiece?C'mon people! I have around 2000 Rock albums in my collection and I would never placed this not even between the top 100.How could anyone say that Rubber Soul or Revolver are under Pet Sounds? Any 60's Rolling Stone album is one hundred times better. And something else, if this is the sound that shape the American pop music, I might be wrong, but ... where is Jimi Hendrix, Muddy Waters, Miles Davis, etc? Those are really masters of American music, not The Beach Boys.I can't give to this album more than half star.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Masterpiece?", "unixReviewTime": 1069977600, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2003"}
{"reviewerID": "A31HTN51QNSQ3F", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Ben Kizer \"BKDJ\"", "helpful": [3, 4], "reviewText": "\"Pet Sounds\" seems to be compared a lot on this website to \"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band\", which might be okay since The Beatles were so impressed with The Beach Boys new (at that time) album, but at the same time the comparasion is ridiculous. Both are legendary albums in different ways, and \"Pet Sounds\" for a moment in time made the Beach Boys the greatest rock and roll band in the whole world, even bigger than there friendly competitors The Beatles (who came right back and took the title away from them with \"Revolver\").First off, \"Pet Sounds\" is a far, far departure from the Beach Boys that most people know and love. These songs aren't about fun in the sun, girls, and surfing. Instead, it is a deep examination of the thoughts and dreams of a young boy, and how they change as he grows older and his problems and worries become bigger issues for him to deal with. Many people know that Brian Wilson, the leader of the band and the creator of this album, had many mental problems, and also had various drug addictions at this time as well, so he had a thousand ideas that he was thinking about. Also, Brian was an obsessed perfectionist, he wanted to create an album that was greater than anything that had come out before. He spent hours upon hours in the studio, creating layers upon layers of sound and vocals, using any instrument available (even soda cans!) He created a sound that was more lush and beautiful than anything ever before, creating almost a \"dream\" sound of reflection of a boy becoming a man who for his whole life was yearning for the love and affection that he felt was missing.\"Pet Sounds\" is Brian Wilson's baby, and many even argue that this was his solo debut as a back up band was used on many of the songs instead of his fellow band mates. However, the harmonies and vocals are what make this so pleasing, and only his band mates could help in that. The songs themself are pretty excellent. \"Wouldn't it be nice\", \"Sloop John B.\", and \"God Only Knows\" are the well known songs, and the only ones that you are able to listen to as singles. The other songs you have to listen to along with the album as they paint the whole picture that way. The album is about one man's search for love from boyhood to manhood, and the pain and hurt he goes through in his search for it. If Wilson's lyrics don't make you reflect yourself or even make you feel the pain, then listen again. And again. And see how the album will move you in ways your never felt possible.Such a complex and challenging album to listen to that is essential to every rock and roll fans collection. While this album might have started the break down of Brian Wilson, and while the rest of the band mates didn't necessarily agree with the direction the music was heading in (more songs influenced by drugs and mental illness, which the band wasn't dead set on singing the lyrics to), for one moment this album made them kings. Brian was working on his next project, \"Smile\", when The Beatles released \"Sgt. Peppers.\" After listening to it, Wilson put up his white flag of surrender, the others went back to the simple days of surf rock, and the Beach Boys never reached the level of creativeness and uniqueness as they did with \"Pet Sounds.\"", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "A revolution then, a classic today", "unixReviewTime": 1124496000, "reviewTime": "08 20, 2005"}
{"reviewerID": "AFHEGYXMK6HCL", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Bring_back_the_60s \"If you can remember the 6...", "helpful": [1, 1], "reviewText": "A worthy purchase.Value for money is what this DVD-A is all about.3 versions of this classic album, Video footage and a booklet with good info on the recording process and personel.One thing that I was surprised was the fact hardly any Beach Boy play a note on these tracks.Nevertheless it's a masterpiece.Worth getting.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "PET SOUNDS DVD-A Review", "unixReviewTime": 1067644800, "reviewTime": "11 1, 2003"}
{"reviewerID": "A32EDSKLEUZ3Y7", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Chris", "helpful": [1, 6], "reviewText": "This is a exciting Beach Boys album and this is hailed a rock masterpiece by all the rock critics but they suck but I will recommend it.This album came out in 1966 and even the Beatles said &quot;How are ye gonna top this mates&quot;.I give props to Mr.Cranky for his reviews one man with the balls to say what he thinks and everyone is going nuts about it that would be good.1.Would'nt be nice-This one is a classic 10/102.You still believe in me-This one was pretty good 10/103.Thats Not me-This one was entertaining 9/104.Thats Talk(Put your head on my shoulder)-Great 10/105.Im wrating for the Day-This one is pretty good 10/106.Go Away for a while-Beautiful instrumental 10/107.Sloop John B-This one is another classic 10/108.God only Knows-This one was called the best song written 10/109.I Know theres Answer-This is short but sweet 10/1010.Here Today-This one was good. 9/1011.I just wasn't made for these times-Good 8/1012.Pet Sounds-Another Instrumental that is great 10/1013.Carolina No-This is the last official song 10/10 Has Dogs14.Hold on to your ego-This is a good song 10/1015-27 Crappy Remastered songs my dad likes I don't.This album was produced by Brian Wilson but this should have included Good Vibrations but still it is very good album.Lyrics 10 Production 10 Music 10 Style 10 Voice 10Overall=50/50 Almost a perfect album still sounds Fresh in 04", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "This one is a classic probally the best 60s Album", "unixReviewTime": 1082160000, "reviewTime": "04 17, 2004"}
{"reviewerID": "A19163222SFFGR", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Dean Martin Dent", "helpful": [41, 46], "reviewText": "Most young today people associate The Beach Boys music with surfing,cars,chicks and fun,fun,fun.Thus when the songs,Wouldn't It Be Nice,Sloop John B,and God Only Knows are recycled for the umpteenth time on  a compilation album,it's easy to overlook the wonderful production,as well  as the depth of its parent album Pet Sounds.Since it set the standard for  albums for the last 34 years,most seemed lost on its impact.But when you  truly listen and get inside these songs that you really experience the  beauty of this album.The aforementioned themes are replaced with songs of  introspection and more adult themes.Brian Wilson's need to compete with The  Beatles turned into burning creativity as he recorded Pet Sounds with  meticulous attention to detail.Using some of Phil Spector's Wrecking Crew  as well as the famed Wall Of Sound technique,the albums complexity was  nothing short of amazing.Songs like That's Not Me,Here Today and Caroline  No display both beauty and sadness in their own unique way.Wouldn't It Be  Nice, God Only Knows,and Waiting for the Day are rays of light that seems  on the brink of turning into dashed dreams.The Beach Boys harmonies are  flawless though since Brian sings most of the leads,you'd almost think  they're guest stars on their own album.Even for all its accolades,Pet  Sounds was deemed a failure back in '66(due to the general publics as well  as Capitol Records inability to understand and embrace the record)But over  the years it has left the other Beach Boys albums in the dust,as well as  accorded its own boxed set.In '66 it seemed way ahead of its time,nowadays  it just exist outside of time.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "JUST WASN&quot;T MADE FOR IT'S TIME", "unixReviewTime": 952300800, "reviewTime": "03 6, 2000"}
{"reviewerID": "A8CYS17WU9V1K", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "dfle3", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "Bought this album on reputation...many critics would have it as the greatest album of all time. The track listing had never grabbed me enough to want to get the album without the reputation given to it by the critics. Anyway, I took a punt. The cd I have is listed as released in 2001, and it has the mono version of the album first, then the stereo mix of the album. There is a bonus track too, which is a reworking of one of the songs on the regular album. On first listen I gave this album 77.5/100. On second listen and after listening to the mono mix as well, it's difficult to rate. If it had 3 or 4 songs I liked as much as \"Sloop John B\", then it could be an easy 5/5. This album would score in the high 80s to 5/5 for me based on the fact that it is just so listenable...no more killer tracks, but no dud tracks either. That's been enough for me in the past to give an album 5/5 too. With a band like The Beach Boys, maybe there is just an expectation of lots of songs up there with their poppy best. On this album they move beyond their lyrically simple but highly infectious surf-pop confections. These songs aren't memorable to me, but I can imagine being pleasantly surprised at how pretty they are if I was to dig this album out again. Of course, \"Sloop John B\" is a great cover by the band, which they turned into a masterpiece. Perhaps it's wrong to expect the other songs to measure up to this? In any case, this album would be more uniform but still very strong without this classic on it...and maybe easier to score.Overall, the album has many pleasant tracks, with symphonic elements to them at times. Lyrics have depth which their early surf-pop songs don't have...not that this was anything but a positive for those early songs. On second listen the album was just an easy listening pleasure, which I've tended to reward here in the past with high scores. A difficult album to rate...it's listenability demands a high score though. Range: 87.5 to 100/100.The all time classic (\"/\"):Sloop John B - iconic intro. Glassy percussion. A killer pop cover of the Caribbean folk song. Has a tuba, I think and great harmonies with good variety in the voices.The best of the rest...on second listen (\">(.)\"):You still believe in me - bumped this up from a \"[.]\". Nice lead vocal tone and melody. Cello? Harpsichord? Has bicycle horn type sound as well.Caroline no - Same bump up as above, but after my third listen, on the mono mix. Has chunky wooden percussion, which is nice. A pleasant track. Harpsichord, big bass notes and a pretty woodwind type of instrument. The outro features a train and barking dogs.Then (\"[.]\"):Wouldn't it be nice - album opener. Iconic lead guitar melody intro. Brass. Good stereo balance (albums of this era were experimenting with the new stereo capabilities and didn't often do stereo well by today's standards).I know there's an answer - catchy piano, tambourine and a tuba type instrument. Double bass plays in a jazzy kind of a way. Symphonic drums. Thoughtful lyrics and a catchy chorus.On second listen (\">[.]\"):Don't talk (put your head on my shoulder) - was hoping that this was a cover of the sugar 1950s pop ballad. It's not. Only has one of the Beach Boys singing on this track. Features organ, bass, piano, violins and cymbal percussion.Let's go away for a while - a pleasant, experimental instrumental. Drums and symphonic drums. Piano, brass, violins, twangy string instrument and xylophone (?),God only knows - horn, bass, sleigh bells (?), interesting tone to the percussion, some sort of keyboard effect, violin and a lovely falsetto by one of the Boys.Here today - piano, tuba, tambourine, symphonic elements like brass. Double bass note picking. Catchy verse (?) parts...I mean like the opening vocal melody.On third listen!  (\">[.]\"):I'm waiting for the day - interesting symphonic drumming and other symphonic elements feature as well. Quiet parts alternate with with percussive passages, which is a little bit catchy.I just wasn't made for these times - bass notes, harpsichord (?), interesting percussion tones at times...(bongos?), symphonic drums at times, woodwind? I think that the mono version of this song may have that novelty instrument which was often used in the 1950s...the one where you waved your hand over an aerial type instrument which created sci-fi type noises...I forget what you call those!The rest:That's not me - organ, dual lead guitar, aboriginal percussion sticks sound, bass drum (?), reflective lyrics. Interesting.Pet sounds - instrumental with symphonic elements. Maracas, brass...including a tuba, twangy lead guitar, bass, interesting drum tone and a tambourine, I think.Hang on to your ego - A bonus track. Very similar to \"I know there's an answer\". Wikipedia's entry for the album version states that this bonus track was the original version, but there were concerns about supposed drug related themes...as in the title! Personally, I can't see it!Recommendations...easy listening classics:Fleetwood Mac - Fleetwood Mac (2nd self-titled album), RumoursGenesis - From Genesis to RevelationThe Velvet Underground - The Velvet Underground & Nico, The Velvet Underground.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "On second thoughts, lack of 'killer' tracks not a handicap.", "unixReviewTime": 1285459200, "reviewTime": "09 26, 2010"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HWD9PTM7RBXN", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "G. J Wiener", "helpful": [4, 24], "reviewText": "It is mind boggling all the hype surrounding this badly overrated CD. I like many of the Beach Boys big hits but this CD just doesn't cut it. On the version I borrowed, out of sixteen songs only the four lead tracks-Wouldn't It Be Nice, Caroline No, God Only Knows, and Sloop John B are of high quality. I Know There's An Answer, Here Today, and You Still Believe In Me are slightly captivating among the remaining songs. The problem here at least to my ears is that the songs all have a similar arrangement. Not slow and romantic like Surfer Girl or Warmth of The Sun or fast and jumpy like Fun Fun Fun and Surfin' USA. Its all mid-paced and kind of spacey with a strong lack of ooomph and too many special effects.It boggles the mind how one television broadcast ranked this CD as the third greatest rock n roll album of all time. Geeze Louise, this album barely even rocks!  There is a strong lack of guitar presence throughout this collection and way too many special ef!fects. It trudges along like a sluggish snail and you can hardly wait for it to end. The harmonies all sound the same after a while and Brian hogs most of the lead vocals.  The lyrics may have some special meanings but that's based on the fact that you have not fallen asleep listening to the music.  How anyone can compare this to even the weakest of Beatles records is ludicrous.In my opinion, stick with a good compilation of the Beach Boys. California Girls, Help Me Rhonda, I Get Around, and other early hits will always remain classics and keep any party hopping. I have three of them and they all work fine. However, when Brian Wilson attempted to get too deep and stray away from grooving surfer rhythms, the result is a stony bore. Borrow it from a friend but save your money as this music just does not cut the mustard.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "All Hype And Little Substance", "unixReviewTime": 979948800, "reviewTime": "01 20, 2001"}
{"reviewerID": "A13OD50LTDL2CQ", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Greenhouse Effect \"Clark the Shark\"", "helpful": [0, 10], "reviewText": "PET SOUNDS REALLY IS THE GREAT ALBUM THAT ALL THE LAME GEEKS FROM BAM AND ROLLING STONE AND ALL THE A&R BLOWHARDS AND INDUSTRY JUNKIES SAY IT IS.......THATS THE BAD NEWS......NOW HERES THE GOOD NEWS.....CLARK THE SHARK FROM GE SAYS ITS GOOD SO GO BUY IT AND HEAR THE TRUE PURE SADNESS AND ANGST A THOUSAND YEARS BEFORE PUNK ROCK AS IT USES PETE TOWNSHEND SONGS FOR TOILET PAPER !...THIS ALBUM REALLY IS THE SH***...IF YOU MUST WANT THE TRUTH OR NOT I'LL GIVE IT TO YA...ITS BETTER THAN RUBBER SOUL...THAT OTHER UBBBEEERRR MID 60'S ALBUM...THE TWO ALBUMS THAT LAUNCHED THE GREAT ALBUMS WARS THAT WOULD PLAGUE ROCK INTO THE 80'S AND BEYOND...EVEN WHEN PET SOUNDS STARTS TO STRUGGLE...ON SIDE TWO...AND ALITTLE ON SIDE ONE, THE PAIN AND BITTER LIFE EXPERIENCE OF BRIAN WILSON (AND HIS HATE FOR HIS DAD) KEEPS THE LISTENER RIVETED! THIS THING IS ALL GOOD ! BEYOND CLASSIC...IF IT DOESN'T MAKE YOU CRY, THEN YER PROBOBLY SOME FACIST CALIFORNIA DEMOCRAT TYPE WHO DOESN'T UNDERSTAND GREAT ART ANYWAY AS YOU CLAIM YOU DO ! BUY IT !", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "SORRY BUT I HAVE TO (PART DUEX)", "unixReviewTime": 1123891200, "reviewTime": "08 13, 2005"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HC9FIZ4OVF0O", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "J. J Lima", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "Pet Sounds is one of those albums that you just sit and listen to and say &quot;My God, these guys were truly amazing&quot;.  Brian Wilson was so far ahead of his time in regards to songwriting.  I don't however recommend this album to everyone.  This album is not &quot;packed&quot; with hits, but it is far better than most anything you would buy today.  If you are looking for a more radio friendly BBalbum, go with the greatest hits Vol. 1. But if you have a little extra cash, but this and see why so many contemporary artists believe that this is one of the best albums ever made.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "You should nuy this!!!", "unixReviewTime": 994377600, "reviewTime": "07 6, 2001"}
{"reviewerID": "A3OO5ZH1EFWNS4", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Joseph M. Davis", "helpful": [6, 7], "reviewText": "The best way to listen to Pet Sounds according to Brian Wilson- is with a pair of headphones in the dark... that way you will hear every detail. It is the details within it it that make it so special.  And there is a lot here that will move you even beyond God Only Knows and Wouldn't It Be Nice- both PERFECT songs.  Wilson has created a wall of sound that is light years ahead of Phil Spector- and that is saying an awful lot. Brian's brilliance continued with Smile- complete or not- reaching absolute POP PERFECTION AGAIN with Good Vibrations and Heroes and Villains.  Lightening has struck multiple times in Brian's studio.  Having the tracks in stereo is VERY SPECIAL. We are still waiting for that experience with Good Vibrations and I Get Around (except for the live version from 1964).I want to point out though that if you think that this is the only absolute materpiece from the Beach Boys though that you have a lot more listening to do.  There are tons of them.  Friends, 20/20, Today!, Smiley Smile (unfinished or not)- the list goes on and on.  These albums are so good and there are so many little known gems on them that I am starting to really think that the BEach Boys may have been even better than the Beatles.  And I am a HUGE Beatles fan.  If you want to be blown away get Today! and listen to all of the ballads... all sung by Brian.  Music doesn't get any better than this.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "LIVES UP TO ALL OF THE HYPE. A MASTERPIECE. BUT REALLY LISTEN TO IT.", "unixReviewTime": 1133222400, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2005"}
{"reviewerID": "A1N643TZ48RPG7", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Leonard Snerdley", "helpful": [13, 65], "reviewText": "I love the Beach Boys as much as anyone.  Let me say that again.  I love the BEACH Boys as much as anyone.  By that I mean I love the Beach Boys who actually live up to their name, singing about the beach, girls, surfing, cars, and Rhonda.This is not the Beach Boys.  It can't be.  Why?  No beach songs!  I thought it was some kind of joke.  All &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; offers is the opportunity to hear Brian Wilson whine for forty minutes, backed by elevator music.  There's barely any Mike Love on the album at all.Way overrated.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "More like the &quot;Mope Boys&quot;", "unixReviewTime": 1080604800, "reviewTime": "03 30, 2004"}
{"reviewerID": "A2AOZQ3WTNVVOK", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Lonnie E. Holder \"The Review's the Thing\"", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "\"Pet Sounds\" is one of those albums that occasionally is released that has a Jekyll/Hyde existence. Many people either hated it or didn't understand it, while those who saw the evolution of rock into art realized that this album was helping direct that evolution. As always in everything from movies to books, the difference between art and entertainment became a huge factor in the album's initial commercial lack of success.There was nothing like \"Pet Sounds\" when it came out. Furthermore, the music was very different from what The Beach Boys had done previously. A recipe for commercial disaster. Long time fans of \"Barbara Ann\" and \"Surfing U.S.A.\" wondered what these songs were all about. This stuff just wasn't The Beach Boys they knew. Little did most fans know that The Beach Boys they knew never were The Beach Boys they thought they knew.It wasn't until many years later that the complex relationships and creative conflicts between the members of the group were brought to light, and the discovery that Brian Wilson in particular wanted the group to grow in a more mature direction. \"Pet Sounds\" was a very long step in that direction.We look back on \"Pet Sounds\" from our next millenium perspective and want to say, \"What's the big deal?\" It was a very big deal in 1966. \"Pet Sounds\" and \"Sgt. Pepper\" sparked a whole new revolution in rock music the effect of which can never be fully understood or estimated. These albums were the sound of rock music growing up. However, \"Pet Sounds\" was too alien for the typical public taste at the time, and it flopped.But, other musicians loved it; particularly The Beatles. John and Paul recognized the roots of something great, and were strongly influenced by it. Many other rock and pop musicians have pointed to \"Pet Sounds\" as being a big influence on their music. \"Pet Sounds\" was music as art. \"Sgt. Pepper,\" while also striving for art, also managed to be commercially successful. However, there are songs from \"Sgt. Pepper\" which followed well the artistic path of \"Pet Sounds\" that had their own detractors. Unfortunately not everyone understands art.Listening today, \"Pet Sounds\" is somewhat dated. However, listen to it over and over, and you realize that the music is well done. From our perspective we can look back over 25+ years of rock music and realize that \"Pet Sounds\" was ahead of its time. In all the hysteria of The Beatles, \"Pet Sounds\" got lost.\"Pet Sounds\" is great rock because of what it was when it was released, and who it influenced.Beyond the influence, there are some really great songs on this CD. \"Sloop John B.\" is one of my favorite Beach Boys songs. \"Wouldn't It Be Nice,\" \"That's Not Me,\" \"I Know There's an Answer,\" \"God Only Knows,\" \"Caroline No\"...all very good to great songs. Admittedly somewhat mellow, but beautiful.Should you buy this album? Well, depends on what you like. \"Pet Sounds\" refuses to fit into a nice niche. It's not like what The Beach Boys did before it. It is mellow, but it's not a perfect fit into pop music. If you've heard at least 3 or 4 of the songs above, and like them, then you'll like the rest of the CD. If you haven't heard very much of the CD, then either download samples or borrow a copy. I, on the other hand, may need to purchase another copy, because I think the laser diode is knocking too many molecules off my copy, I play it so much.Note that this album has been reissued and remastered and thus this particular version is now the \"old\" version.  You may want to see what features are available and the price of other versions before you buy.  Good luck!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "One of the Greatest Beach Boys Albums", "unixReviewTime": 1130630400, "reviewTime": "10 30, 2005"}
{"reviewerID": "AHN34TYB15NWF", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "! Metamorpho ;) \"Reflective and Wiser Seer\"", "helpful": [3, 4], "reviewText": "Your illustrious Seer is at the beach now. The warm sun and ocean breeze are invigorating. The white seagulls circle overhead (watch out!), and I have been busy all afternoon trying to build a summer sand castle for myself meanwhile sweating to death in this Seer's cape. They said the fabric breathed and would be good in all temperatures. They lied. And, aside from all that, just when I get the sand castle to a stately form, some freckle-faced, red-headed bratty boy comes around and knocks it down. I threatened to report him to The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Seers, however, an ice cream cone made him go away. Dealing with Guido has made me very adept in any situation. Now if only the tides would stop being a threat. Ah well..........Anyway, I am in the perfect setting to examine the rewards of \"Pet Sounds\" by the Beach Boys. Much has been written about this seminal album. And why not? It consistently ranks in the top 10 pop-rock albums of all time. And rightly so if you ask me.Of course, it wasn't greeted ethusiastically when it came out. At least not as much as their prior hits. Brian Wilson took the hit most of all. Probably unjustly. But time has proven that it was the right move and the right time. To most, perhaps a little early and maybe they would say the wrong time. But I would have to disagree with that. Brian was ahead of everything on the scene at that time. He saw that the music was changing. Plus, artistically, you can not stay in the same place. Artistry needs real growth. Meanwhile, the other Beach Boys needed more hits- and this is why the chasm happened.But, lets get into this a little more. The Beach Boys were (and still are) the ultimate summer group. Songs about California Girls, fast cars, high school life, requited love, and teen angst, angst, angst.  These songs were incredibly successful. But Brian knew that, as he got older, his audience were also doing the same thing. He wanted to try a new direction and add some sophistication. Looking back to 1966, this album is a monumental achievement- and remains so until this day. Sure, some may downplay the importance of this recording, however, that cannot eliminate the fact that it was a monumental change that influenced the musical landscape at that time forever. It is essential, and one of the very best.But, getting to the main point. Brian Wilson was moving towards greater musical compostion and more adult and inner emotions on record. This was a mega step- and quite a risk at the same time. Most of the music is lush, well thought out, and instruments used precisely to get the right nuances that bounced around in his mind. Certainly the songs are confessional, i.e; \"You Still Believe in Me\", emotional, i.e, \"That's Not Me\", \"I'm Waiting for the Day\", and quiet, heartfelt romance, i.e; \"Don't Talk (Put Your Head on my Shoulder)\".  One must, of course, listen to all the colours and passages in this music. All these songs have a way of revealing certain moods that marry the music perfectly. Beautiful lilting breaks, shifting meter, an array of musical instruments heretofore never thought of in the pop-rock genre. Excellent.And songs? We are treated to different, but essential, gratuitous hits with \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\" and \"Sloop John B\". But more than this, Brian gives us 2 more considerable high standard gems. Yes. We get to \"God Only Knows\" which I nominate as the most beautiful song ever written in the course of popular music. Grandiose, glorious- I am fairly convinced that a higher power is somehow behind this remarkable song. Sweet, yearning, beautiful beyond compare. Angelic vocals as well. If anyone doubts Brian Wilson's genius, have them look to this song. Absolutely the highest gem. Then we get to the wispful \"Caroline No\". Brian reflects upon how time can change a relationship. He looks back to a time when his love was new and exciting and wonders why she changed. \"Where is the girl I used to know\"? He hurts badly from the change and yearns for a return to a satisfying relationship, knowing full well that it has changed forever. Listen to the end. A train in the distance, approaching at a rapid pace, getting louder, and then quickly passing by. A dog barks in the distance-urging its return. But it gone and then silence. What an incredible conveyence of mood this is for the ending. Superb.In a way, the outtake of \"I know There's an Answer\" entitled \"Hold On to Your Ego\" to me, conveys the frustration Brian was going through in order to have the other members of the group in compliance with his new direction. But he knows he's alone and he knows that he's \"going to lose the fight\". Well, he may have lost it to them- however- he won the classic album. And we are all so much better that he did.Now, I must go and make sure that kid isn't planning some new attack on my new home. I don't want to lose the fight anymore than Brian does.In conclusion- a classic and a must have in any considerable music collection.Goats say \"feed me\", Seers say \"read me\". -- yours, Metamorpho", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Wouldn't It Be Nice to Live Together, in the Kind of World Where We Belong?", "unixReviewTime": 1184371200, "reviewTime": "07 14, 2007"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SYP47BL4TP9Q", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Mike B.", "helpful": [1, 2], "reviewText": "As a landlocked kid growing up without ready access to beaches or a car, I had a hard time relating to the Beach Boys. Their celebrations of sun, surfing, and hot-rodding were too removed from my own experience. It wasn't until I got older that I appreciated them. Songs that had once sounded frivolous suddenly revealed multiple layers of emotions which had previously eluded me.Mind you, that wasn't true of every Beach Boys song. But classics like \"Surfer Girl\" and \"Don't Worry Baby\" were wistful and beautiful evocations of love and longing - both questioning and reassuring.Brian Wilson then outdid himself with his compositions for the landmark 1966 album \"Pet Sounds\" - their apex and finest achievement - and arguably the greatest record ever released by an American band. Paul McCartney has said that if you haven't heard it, your musical education isn't complete. He further said it inspired the Beatles to make \"Sgt. Pepper\". I don't really hear \"Pet Sounds\" influence on that record, but I do on \"Abbey Road\" - especially on tracks like \"Because\" and \"Here Comes The Sun King\".This CD contains the full album in mono and stereo. Wilson's musical and vocal arrangements still sound stunning to this day. If for any reason you've resisted buying this, you shouldn't. At the very minimum, any serious music fan should own \"Pet Sounds\" and a good collection of their hits such as \"Sounds Of Summer\" (2003).Wilson's solo career has also been of interest. \"Brian Wilson\" (1988) was a good one. So was the belatedly completed \"Smile\" (2004), which was originally intended as the follow-up to \"Pet Sounds\" - wherein he proved himself to be a latter-day Gershwin. \"Smile\" collaborator Van Dyke Parks and Wilson had previously released the excellent \"Orange Crate Art\" (1995). Recently, Wilson issued \"That Lucky Old Sun\" (2008), another innovative song suite in the style of \"Smile\" - and it's fine. All are highly recommended.Whether you live in California or not, don't miss out on the Beach Boys and Brian Wilson.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Here Comes The Sun King", "unixReviewTime": 1223596800, "reviewTime": "10 10, 2008"}
{"reviewerID": "A34Y1FT0MTD7C9", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Morton", "helpful": [8, 13], "reviewText": "The Beach Boys-Pet Sounds ***Honestly I don't get it. I have tried time and time again to give The Beach Boys a chance and I just don't get it. I know it is good time music and summer fun but for the most part I really just think they are overrated and I feel the same way about Pet Sounds. I totally understand that it was a landmark album and changed the way music was recorded and the way it could sound, but other then the production I don't get it. Yes it inspired Srg. Pepper by the Beatles but so what, so did Freak Out! by Frank Zappa and The Mothers Of Invention and that doesn't get half the acclaim this does.I think 'God Only Knows' is a great song....lyrically that is. Music wise I do feel the band could have done better. The melody is smooth as ice though. 'Wouldn't It Be Nice' is hands down one of the greatest pop songs of all time, no debate, I would even fight someone who dare says a bad thing about that tune. I must say though that 'Sloop John B' could have been better. The title track is really awful to my ears. 'Here Today' was misguided. 'Caroline No' may be the best song on the album and it rarely is spoke about.Now I know everyone is gonna vote not helpful on my review just because they disagree with me I wish you would be open minded about where I am coming from though like I have tried to be time and time again with The Beach Boys before you click no. I am just saying that this is not an album for everyone there for I don't understand the claim that it is one of the ten greatest albums of all time. Maybe someone could leave me a comment explaining it to me because I am not saying this is a bad album because its not, but it isn't amazing either.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Pet Sounds", "unixReviewTime": 1207440000, "reviewTime": "04 6, 2008"}
{"reviewerID": "A2EY3OVGI9CGAV", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "R. Raiz", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "Paul McCartney himself credits Brian Wilson's Pet Sounds as the muze for  Sgt. Pepper's.  Listen critically to the tracks and echos of Pepper  resonate, from the melodious use of bass guitar to the masterful  orchestration of these odes to teenage angst.Is Pet Sounds better than  Pepper?  Beside the point.  But without Pet Sounds, and the competition  Brian Wilson represented to the fab four, you may very well have a  different Pepper, or perhaps no Pepper at all.You haven't heard genius  until you've heard Pet Sounds.  It is an album for the ages.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The Classic Pop Album", "unixReviewTime": 968976000, "reviewTime": "09 15, 2000"}
{"reviewerID": "A2RFG9LI7JDILS", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "Stalwart Kreinblaster \"SK2008\"", "helpful": [6, 8], "reviewText": "There is nothing that I can say about this album that hasn't already been said.. But I would like to express my profound moment of discovery when I first listened to it.. I had the preconception that the Beach boys were just a bunch of dumb surfers.. My musical tastes leaned towards jazz, classical, and more progressive rock.. But I kept on seeing this album on lists of the greatest albums of all time so.. I gave it a try. I wasn't prepared for the beauty of this perfect musical mixture of sounds and moods.. It was clearly a very personal record that expressed many feelings I had at the time.. the production is brilliant.. being a big fan of the beatles I immediately heard simmilarities between George Martinand Sgnt Pepper and how they must have been influenced by this record.. This is not surfer music - it is much more..", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Brian Wilson's gift to popular music", "unixReviewTime": 1170201600, "reviewTime": "01 31, 2007"}
{"reviewerID": "ATLZNVLYKP9AZ", "asin": "B00000016W", "reviewerName": "T. Fisher", "helpful": [46, 47], "reviewText": "This really is one of the great albums ever, and the remastered sound is very good. The only big difference between this MP3 version and the two-disc set of the same recordings is that the set gives you a DVD with a \"making-of\" documentary and both the original mono mixes and new stereo mixes, plus a bonus track. This MP3 set has only the remastered stereo mixes.\"Pet Sounds\" was a groundbreaking record, and had a huge impact on other musicians. It is definitely the high-water mark for the Beach Boys. This is not anything like their early Jan & Dean-inspired surf music. It invented a whole new vocabulary of sounds and forms for pop music.More than ever before, the Beach Boys' leader, Brian Wilson, decided he was going to go in a new direction and write a cohesive album, over the protests of many others in the band. He was definitely right. The Beach Boys never reached this level of creativity again, but \"Pet Sounds\" was enough to put them in the pantheon of the greats, even if this quality of artistic achievement was not sustained over time.Wilson says he was inspired to make the record by the Beatles' \"Rubber Soul\" album. The Beatles in turn credited \"Pet Sounds\" as the inspiration for \"Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band\". Paul McCartney still says he is crazy about the album, John Lennon even acknowledged it, and George Martin said Sgt Pepper's would never have been made without \"Pet Sounds\". Eric Clapton says it's one of the greatest pop albums of all time and Elton John talks about how it changed the way he and everyone else approached recording. I say this just to underline that it's hard to underestimate the impact this record had on the development of popular music as we know it.There are plenty of \"greatest hits\" here. The album starts out with the classic \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\", one of the most optimistic and upbeat romantic pop hits ever -- and which also includes incredible layers of sound that deserve a good listening to with headphones. \"God Only Knows\" was the B-side to that single, but became a major hit on its own. \"Caroline, No\", \"Sloop John B\", \"Let's Go Away for a While\" and \"Here Today\" were also singles and are probably known at some level by most listeners.But don't just get it for the hits. A lot of the other songs are slower and more complex, but are really marvels of both pop composition and sound engineering, especially when you think about the 1960s technology they were working with. There are layers upon layers of crystal-clear sounds to enjoy and get lost in.This album is every bit as impressive a recording as something like Pink Floyd's \"Dark Side of the Moon\" -- it just seems \"lighter\" because, well, it is. It's an optimistic, feel-good record even when its gets sad and melancholy, which it does pretty often. I still can't figure out quite how Brian Wilson pulled that off.If you don't know Pet Sounds, this deal can't be beat, especially at the $1.99 \"Deal of the Day\" price on May 1, 2009. Once the price goes up again, also consider one of the CDs or CD sets available out there. You won't regret it!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "One of the great albums ever", "unixReviewTime": 1241136000, "reviewTime": "05 1, 2009"}
{"reviewerID": "A3HEM1WWXXLOUL", "asin": "B00000017R", "reviewerName": "\"douglasnegley\"", "helpful": [15, 16], "reviewText": "I think it is important to remember that this site is an international one, with reviewers and browsers from all over the globe - so I can easily see Brazilians shaking their collective cabesas over the comment that this was the first Bossa Nova record. It was definately one of the first to introduce samba and bossa rhythms to the U.S. Both Dizzy Gillespie and Cannonball Adderley were using bossa standards in their repetoire at the time also (much to the chagrin of some of their fans). As to the comment that &quot;Jazz Samba&quot; is a better and more fluid recording than &quot;Getz/Gilberto&quot;, I can not agree. Byrd is a great player, and even a great player in the Brazilian mode, but he is no Joao Gilberto. &quot;Jazz Samba&quot; is 'fluid' in my opinion also, but because the dynamics are never bumped up a notch. &quot;Getz/Gilberto&quot; has more subtlety, better playing by all the musicians involved (Jobim's piano work on 'Corcorvado' alone is more subtle and his chordal sparcity on &quot;Doralice&quot; more dynamic than any moment on &quot;Jazz Samba&quot;), and one incredible singer to boot (and I don't mean Astrud). Getz plays far better and way more 'in the pocket' with Joao and a real Brazilian rhythm section. Don't get me wrong, I love this recording. &quot;O Pato&quot; is a masterpiece for its time and the recording stands up well today in general, but when the first &quot;bossa nova&quot; recording was made has been discussed at length - some even say Laurindo Almeida may have made it a decade before, but the general consensus is that Jobim, Gilberto, Lyra, Castro-Neves, et al. were doing it in the later half of the 1950s. That does not diminish the greatness of this recording then, and it sounds great today as well.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Jazz Samba is a great recording..but the first bossa record?", "unixReviewTime": 1062028800, "reviewTime": "08 28, 2003"}
{"reviewerID": "A5WDJI6VT51TK", "asin": "B00000017R", "reviewerName": "G B", "helpful": [25, 25], "reviewText": "This is the album that kicked off the bossa nova craze in the US over 40 years ago.  In the hands of lesser musicians this style could degenerate into lightweight cocktail music, but not here.  Stan Getz's feathery, soft saxophone playing weaves beautiful melodies over the swaying, dancing Brazilian rhythms.  Charlie Byrd's is terrific on the acoustic guitar and the tunes will get stuck in your head after 3 spins or less.  The only possible complaint is the short playing time -- a mere 35 minutes.This recording isn't as well-known as Getz/Gilberto but is just as essential.  If you like Getz's playing, be sure to get some of his other, non-bossa-nova recordings as well.  (One more caveat: those looking for more vocals by Astrud or Joao Gilberto will be disappointed -- this CD is entirely instrumental.)", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Beautiful &amp; breezy", "unixReviewTime": 1029456000, "reviewTime": "08 16, 2002"}
{"reviewerID": "A2KTHPGHWB8BUU", "asin": "B00000017R", "reviewerName": "Jon Warshawsky \"Sinatra Guru\"", "helpful": [90, 92], "reviewText": "How do you critique the album that started an era? Forty years later, Jazz Samba is still one of the most relaxing, rhythmically pleasing albums made. All instrumental, with the tenor sax of Stan Getz (the guy John Coltrane professed to admire!) and inspired guitar of Charlie Byrd. The entire album was recorded in one session in the performance hall of a Washington, D.C., church, and it puts legions of studio albums to shame.While Desafinado and Bahia are the best known tracks, the album is a seamless experience and it is difficult to single out certain songs as superior. If Getz is one of the masters of the tenor saxophone, it is also hard to separate his proficiency from the effort as a whole -- it truly comes across as a tight ensemble effort. (For a contrast, Duke Ellington's masterful and equally essential Money Jungle released the same year finds the trio of Ellington, Mingus and Max Roach locked in a musical duel on a couple of tracks.)Favorites? I enjoy Samba de Uma Nota So, but every time I reach for Jazz Samba I alway listen to the entire album. At least once. This and Getz/Gilberto belong in every jazz collection.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Perfection", "unixReviewTime": 1005091200, "reviewTime": "11 7, 2001"}
{"reviewerID": "A387YLO8B1CCB8", "asin": "B00000017R", "reviewerName": "Todd Hampton \"williedynamite\"", "helpful": [6, 6], "reviewText": "Jazz samba the collaborative album of Stan getz and Charlie Byrd is one of the most beautiful and relaxing albums I own. From the opening track Destafino on throught to the final track Baia listening to JS is like being on the beach and watching the sun set. The Byrd getz combination is flawless the two artists compliment each other extremely well making this album a effortless listen, again and again.  If you are new to samba music this is where to begin.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "A beautiful introduction to Samba music", "unixReviewTime": 973123200, "reviewTime": "11 2, 2000"}
{"reviewerID": "A36EW68H08UOCS", "asin": "B0000002JR", "reviewerName": "Mark J. Fowler \"Let's Play Two!\"", "helpful": [22, 22], "reviewText": "On her 3rd CD Alison Krauss does not break stride.  &quot;I've Got That Old Feeling&quot; is chock-a-block FULL of the beautiful ballads that have made her famous with her angelically emotive voice, but it is also perhaps the best showcase for her ability to perform more up-tempo pieces, such as &quot;Dark Skies&quot; and &quot;Will You Be Leaving?&quot; The supporting cast here performs perfectly.How many albums do you have that have perhaps a few good songs on it, but just as many songs that are just filler - instantly forgettable and barely listenable?  This is a CD with NO filler.  Every cut is a &quot;keeper&quot; and I could just listen to the whole thing back to back over and over again.Alison Krauss is a national treasure, and this recording is one reason why.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Bluegrass Queen Alison Krauss Reigns on this Recording", "unixReviewTime": 1088121600, "reviewTime": "06 25, 2004"}
{"reviewerID": "AYUVUWX0DECY9", "asin": "B0000002ME", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer \"Music Soul\"", "helpful": [8, 9], "reviewText": "I must admit this CD was in my shopping cart for quite a while given its genre.  I finally make the plunge when I needed it for free shipping and the first time I played it, I couldn't believe the beautiful purity and fullness of her voice.The music is very interesting also since it is obviuosly country, but these are real talented musicians and the arrangements are incredibly performed and make a country band  really kick-[...] in a cross over jazzy sense in a couple of tunes where you'd never guess this is a band that plays bluegrass.It's worth every one of those stars and one more if they had it.By the way, I found out that the ladies like this CD very much.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "A City Boy Gone Country", "unixReviewTime": 1155513600, "reviewTime": "08 14, 2006"}
{"reviewerID": "A1TIQNQJZ2LDNW", "asin": "B0000002ME", "reviewerName": "Chris Gregory", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "What a beautiful album!  When Allison Krauss sings with Union Station, her already wonderful sounds are magnified and transform to simply angelic.  We especially enjoy \"Tonight I'll Be Lonely Too\", \"Sleep On\", and my favorite \"When You Say Nothing At All.\"  Highly recommended for old-time country sounds!Baby, Now That I've Found You", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Together with Union Station, they're angelic!", "unixReviewTime": 1403136000, "reviewTime": "06 19, 2014"}
{"reviewerID": "A2U49LUUY4IKQQ", "asin": "B0000002ME", "reviewerName": "Peter Durward Harris \"Pete the music fan\"", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "What makes this so special is the purity of Alison's voice and the quality of the music, some of which features Alison as instrumentalist as well as vocalist. Even though most of the songs are covers, they sound fresh and exciting.The tracks are taken from various sources, including one from each of her own albums, but also including three previously unreleased tracks, plus other tracks that had not appeared on her albums. Even if you've got all Alison's other albums, you'll need this.The set begins with a cover of the sixties pop hit, Baby now that I've found you. You may remember the original - a somewhat sad lyric but a very upbeat tune, which was a UK number one hit for the Foundations. Alison slows the song right down, in keeping with the lyrics.The final track is a cover of When you say nothing at all, recorded for Keith Whitley's tribute album. This is a song that has spawned a number of covers, including Irish versions by Boyzone (who had a big British hit with it) and Frances Black. Even Frances cannot improve on Alison's version.Between those two tracks are many other brilliant songs, including I will (from the Beatles' white album), Teardrops will kiss the morning dew (even better than the Billie Jo Spears version, which I think was the original) and the Lovin Brothers' I don't believe you've met my baby, later covered by Dolly on her Little sparrow album.The O brother soundtrack, the various O sister compilations inspired by it and Dolly Parton's recent albums have all helped to increase the popularity of bluegrass, but this compilation pre-dates all of them and it was hugely successful. In any case, Alison herself appears on most of those other albums. So this is an important album in any collection of bluegrass music.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The start of the bluegrass revival", "unixReviewTime": 1046304000, "reviewTime": "02 27, 2003"}
{"reviewerID": "A1GIIPXONCEEHP", "asin": "B0000002ME", "reviewerName": "Steve Vrana", "helpful": [7, 7], "reviewText": "Even back in 1995, Alison Krauss's star was shining brightly and this Rounder anthology showcases her talents as vocalist, fiddler, interpreter and band leader. The collection opens with three then previously unreleased tracks, including the gorgeous \"Baby, Now That I've Found You.\"  [Her voice simply melts in you ears!] The other two new tracks include \"Oh, Atlanta\" (not to be confused with the Little Feat song of the same name) and the ballad \"Broadway\" written by Sidney and Suzanne Cox.Six of the remaining songs come from albums done with Union Station, the Cox Family and her 1987 solo album.  However, what makes this collection especially enjoyable is that it also includes \"When You Say Nothing at All,\" AKUS's contribution to KEITH WHITLEY: A TRIBUTE ALBUM, along with \"I Don't Believe You've Met My Baby\" from Jerry Douglas's abum SLIDE RULE and a moving rendition of the Beatles' I Will\" from Tony Furtado's album WITHIN REACH.You won't find a better introduction to this amazingly gifted artist.  VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "First Rate Introduction to Alison Krauss", "unixReviewTime": 1100044800, "reviewTime": "11 10, 2004"}
{"reviewerID": "A3NM4O7AQWYN2", "asin": "B0000002O5", "reviewerName": "Mark J. Koenig", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "I've long been a fan of Alison Krauss and her band, Union Station.  Their brand of contemporary bluegrass is unique and captivating.  This album is their best work to date. Superb quality throughout, including the  instrumentals. The title track is irresistable, and &quot;There is a  Reason&quot; is rapturous. Impeccable musicianship and superb recording,  along with Krauss's unique vocal style and virtuoso fiddle playing combine  to make this CD a must-have for fans of bluegrass. In a word, masterful.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Takes Bluegrass to New Heights.", "unixReviewTime": 914457600, "reviewTime": "12 24, 1998"}
{"reviewerID": "A5A2QE6NECFR5", "asin": "B0000002O5", "reviewerName": "William E. Adams", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "The other reviewers here who gave this CD three stars have valid points, and I suggest reading them before buying this. The vocals are a bit low-volume, the songs in general are a bit melancholy, and the styles kinda melting pot. Yet Ms. Krauss does have a voice of distinction and her bandmates are skilled musicians (not so much vocally, for my taste.) I haven't owned many Krauss recordings, so I can't say this is better or worse than her other releases. If you like bluegrass/contemporary country sounds, and find this at a bargain price, pick it up.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "This has flaws, yet with a gem or two or three...", "unixReviewTime": 1357862400, "reviewTime": "01 11, 2013"}
{"reviewerID": "A2TC5QDBYCJITD", "asin": "B0000003S0", "reviewerName": "D. Floyd", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "If your a fan of this title you better pick up the DVD audio version fast, if you can play DVD audio, before it's gone.  Sounds fantastic, sadly stereo only (reason for 4 stars) but still highly recommended.  Going going gone.....", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Classic Records DVD Audio", "unixReviewTime": 1377302400, "reviewTime": "08 24, 2013"}
{"reviewerID": "A2DJYERRIH5C8T", "asin": "B0000003S0", "reviewerName": "john thomas", "helpful": [0, 1], "reviewText": "This is the early folkie Nanci Griffith.  I always thought she should have been a major star.  But then when she got on a major lable they didn't know what to do with her.  Her early music is the best of her career and this is one of her early releases with three really good songs.  Lookin' For The Time.  The Last Of The True Believers and Goin' Gone.  Goin' Gone became a big hit for Kathy Mattea as did Love At The Five And Dime.  Which is also on here.  I also felt she should have been a major song writer.  As a woman I would put her right up there with Matraca Berg and Deborah Allen.  But for whatever reason those two songs and Outbound Plane by Suzy Bogguss are the only songs that I know that she wrote that were hits.  This isn't a bad cd.  It just seems like for whatever reason she just never lived up to what she could have been.  And it seems like she didn't really care.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "3 songs", "unixReviewTime": 1380931200, "reviewTime": "10 5, 2013"}
{"reviewerID": "A3VBVES8IYR5ZJ", "asin": "B0000004TW", "reviewerName": "Daniel W. Kelly", "helpful": [5, 5], "reviewText": "Over the years, i've heard so much about different versions of this album, and that the 5:06 version with the space intro on the original US CD pressing is NOT the original album version. Well, don't expect to find that other version here, because the new reissue uses the 5:06 version. But you can find the other version on the CD Then 80s Totally Oldies volume 5. But back to this CD, the first noticeable difference from my original US pressing is that the song order is changed slightly--maybe comparable to one of the european releases of the album. Personally, I felt having the space intro version of I Ran first was a very effective way to begin the album. But no biggie--that's what programing CD players is for. The real treasures here are the bonus tracks, including the awesomely AFOS tracks Tokyo and Pick Me Up. Plus you get Tanglimara, which was already a bonus track on the reissue of the album Listen, so not sure why they had to include it again on another reissue. Truth be told, the CD only runs about 55 minutes, so they really could have included the original version of I Ran without the space intro and with the cold end as a bonus track, which would have been the only way to really make this reissue even better.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "notes on the new 2011 reissue", "unixReviewTime": 1302134400, "reviewTime": "04 7, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1YC6AHVLLD7UK", "asin": "B0000004TW", "reviewerName": "dudesimon \"dudesimon\"", "helpful": [16, 18], "reviewText": "future generations probably will not get it. but this album was a revolution, goofy hair and all. AFOS was making the music of the future in the 80s, and there isn't a bad song on this disk.Space Age Love Song is a perfect song. Absolutely perfect.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "too classic for words", "unixReviewTime": 1062115200, "reviewTime": "08 29, 2003"}
{"reviewerID": "A1B5UQMA7J3F53", "asin": "B0000004UM", "reviewerName": "Andres Lasso \"A\"", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "This track alone is worth 5 stars.  The rest of the album is ok.  But believe me when you LISTEN to the track, and how it applies to todays \"illusion\" of hip-hop its amazing how this 20yr old track is still kicking knowledge before you were in diapers.  A must have for all hip-hop enthusiast.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "\"My Philosophy\"", "unixReviewTime": 1156896000, "reviewTime": "08 30, 2006"}
{"reviewerID": "A27RIWPJMP3XYD", "asin": "B0000004UM", "reviewerName": "Charles L. Hubbert \"of Urban-Reviews.com\"", "helpful": [5, 5], "reviewText": "There isn't much to say about a certified classic.  Boogie Down Productions was always on the pulse of conscious rap.  That's why By All Means Necessary stood out as one of the most dynamic albums in rap music at the time.  Other groups like Public Enemy and X-Clan were more unabashed in their delivery.  KRS-One had a vision of entertaining as well as educating their listening audience.Throw on a song like \"Jimmy\" where the beat and the mood are both playful, but KRS-One doesn't joke around when he's telling everybody to strap up and protect themselves when jumping in the bed.  As a 12-year-old boy listening to this record for the first time, I knew there was more to the material being discussed on this song and would eventually learn what he was truly talking about in later years.  Other songs like \"Still Number 1\" and \"My Philosophy\" are the other standouts on this album.  But the fact is that the style and sound of BDP made them stand out from the rest.  The rock 'n roll edge of \"Ya Slippin\" was a risky move at that time considering most rappers rapped over old r&b; samples or drum beats only.  The Caribbean groove of \"Stop The Violence\" and the uptempo groove of \"T-Cha, T-Cha\" are other examples of going against the grain.Criminal Minded is always the first album people blurt out as their favorite BDP album.  But once his brother Scott LaRock was murdered, By All Means Necessary unearthed the conscious mind of  KRS-One.  If you consider yourself a true Hip-Hop fan, then you already know all of this to be true.  But if you've missed a few albums during your lifetime, you should definitely complete your hip-hop collection with this album...By All Means Necessary!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "BDP Changed The Game Forever With 'By All Means Necessary'", "unixReviewTime": 1152576000, "reviewTime": "07 11, 2006"}
{"reviewerID": "A2JYNMI72AZCPS", "asin": "B0000004UM", "reviewerName": "\"cubedaman\"", "helpful": [4, 4], "reviewText": "KRSONE (BDP) DOES IT AGAIN.DIDN'T THINK HE COULD COME BETTER THAN CRIMINAL MINDED,BUT YOU KNOW WHAT HE DID.TRACK 1 THROUGH TRACK 10,ALL CLASSICS.SHOWS VERSITILE STYLES ON A HIGHER LEVEL.THE TEACHER TEACH,BUT IS DEEPER THAN THE  AVERAGE PROFESSOR. CONSISTENT WITH THE FIRST ALBUM,LYRICS ARE BANGING,BEATS  ARE BANGING.IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THIS ALBUM,YOU ARE MISSING WHAT SO MANY  RAPPERS ARE TRING TO ACCOMPLISE,BUT THEY FAIL.CHECK THIS ALBUM OUT AND YOU  WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT LYRICAL FLEXIBLILTY IS ALL ABOUT.NO ONE DOES IT  BETTER. KRSONE IS THE GREATEST.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "HE FRESH FOR 88,ONCE AGAIN", "unixReviewTime": 946252800, "reviewTime": "12 27, 1999"}
{"reviewerID": "A24FJGOH96X75A", "asin": "B0000004UM", "reviewerName": "ihaveeleventoes", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "This is a classic cd, period.  KRS-1 is a living legend, and this is him at his prime.  Songs like \"My Philosophy,\" \"Illegal Business,\" \"Stop the Violence,\" and \"Still #1\" are some of the most quoted/sampled in the last 20 years of hip hop.  If you think you don't know anything by KRS-1, one listen of this cd would prove you wrong  The list of rappers who have sampled or quoted songs on this cd is inexhaustible.  This was big when it came out in 88, and it sounds just as fresh today.  This is a gem among diamonds, a true hip hop classic. Even in Scott La Rock's absence, the production is stellar.  The lyrics are top-notch.  As close to a perfect hip-hop record as possible.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "One of the Building Blocks of Today's Rap", "unixReviewTime": 1310774400, "reviewTime": "07 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ADCFUY7WTZA6A", "asin": "B0000004UM", "reviewerName": "Jimmy Garcia", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "When you mention hip hop to somebody, the name KRS-1 should come up. When you mention the most impressive LP's, By all means Necessary should be mentioned immediately. Everything you want from a dope MC: Philosophy, Storytellin, Battle raps, you name it its found here. Cop it now!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "~BDP~", "unixReviewTime": 1123113600, "reviewTime": "08 4, 2005"}
{"reviewerID": "A3H2IG3R802CJY", "asin": "B0000004UM", "reviewerName": "Matthew", "helpful": [1, 1], "reviewText": "It would be easy to assume, as many people probably did, that after the death of long time partner Scott LaRock KRS-One would fall off. However he gave all those critics a fat smack in the face with the release of By All Means Necessary. Although it's not QUITE as great as Criminal Minded (few are), it is definetly a worthy album and is an example of some of the best rap to come out of the Bronx. \"My Philosophy\", the semi-sequel to the first track on Criminal Minded \"Poetry\" (a great track) surpasses its predecessor which is not an easy feat, and is arguably the best hip hop song of all time. Add 9 other great tracks and I'd say you have an essential album.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Definetly worthy of the \"Classic\" status", "unixReviewTime": 1038528000, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2002"}
{"reviewerID": "A2BXKQ33DQFFR3", "asin": "B0000004UO", "reviewerName": "camaroirocz94", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "I've been wanting this album and I finally got it! I understand that too short says inappropriate lyrics in this record, but this is for entertainment for grown ups, not appropriate for kids though. When I first heard the single Freaky Tales in appearance in the movie The Wood, I was hit when I heard that song. It appears when the blood gang are crushing and smoking. I wanted to know who was the artist to the song and I finally found out and I wanted to get this album and I finally got!Warning: Not Appropriate For Kids!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Born to mack! 80s classic rap!", "unixReviewTime": 1379548800, "reviewTime": "09 19, 2013"}
{"reviewerID": "AVHCWL9AHLEL9", "asin": "B0000004UO", "reviewerName": "Christopher Ware", "helpful": [5, 5], "reviewText": "This is $hort's first album.  This is where he defines himself as the pimp, player, mack daddy of Oak-town, CA.  It's because of $hort Dog's early work that the Yay is on the hip hop map and this is the album that  started it all.The production on this album is hella tight.  The beats  are bumpin' and the bass is just boomin'.  Even on my stock stereo, the  whole car be rattlin'.  The lyrics are classic $hort.  Who can forget  FREAKY TALES.  This is just 8 minutes of pure pimpin'.  In addition, MACK  ATTACK, YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN, and LITTLE GIRLS are just tha shiznit.  This  is arguably $hort's best album.This is a definite must have for any hip  hop collection.  Old school Yay Area sound all the way...YOU KNOW!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kickin' it old school, Yay Area style", "unixReviewTime": 964396800, "reviewTime": "07 24, 2000"}
{"reviewerID": "A2BXKQ33DQFFR3", "asin": "B0000004UU", "reviewerName": "camaroirocz94", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "Got my order in today and I feel great! Brand new and in 1 week the album came in. Added to my cd collection and I'm like addicted and obsessed with collecting classic real rap cds!Ima continue collecting old school rap cds!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "A great classic! Too $hort", "unixReviewTime": 1379548800, "reviewTime": "09 19, 2013"}
{"reviewerID": "A3C6ZCBUNXUT7V", "asin": "B0000004UU", "reviewerName": "G$ \"Z-Wad\"", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "After he finally got a major label deal after rappin on the underground for years, Too $hort brings a tight follow up to \"Born To Mack\" (the only $hort album I don't have that he released from 1988 on).  Like all his earlier album the beats are tight and funky and the album is very tight (which he hasn't put out a 4 star album sice 2000).  Like all his earlier albums, the song count is short (only 9) but the majority are 5 minutes plus over some funky beats (that $hort provided on all songs with help from al Eaton on 2 or 3).  It has 1 classic, 1 I skip, 3 ar eok and the rest are good or real good songs. Guests are on 1 song and do the hook on 1 so like most of his pre retirement albums, you get a lot of $hort Dog.  a must have album.#1 - 9 (tight beat)#2 - 8#3 - 7.5 (beat is tight but I ain't really feelin' his rap style on this one)#4 - 7.5#5 - 5#6 - 7.5 (f/ Danger Zone & Rappin' 4-Tay -- tight beat)#7 - 8.5 (good beat)#8 - 8.5 (nice beat)#9 - 10 (CLASSIC over a great beat)Todd Shaw -- b. 4/29/66 -- b. Los Angeles, CA moved to Oakland, CACheck all my reviews", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "The Oakland Mack is Back", "unixReviewTime": 1179187200, "reviewTime": "05 15, 2007"}
{"reviewerID": "A1JBVQQ9Q91BWY", "asin": "B0000004UU", "reviewerName": "ladavis1977", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "not bad, still ok too here it again. too- short is one of those rappers who never get old. good", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "old school", "unixReviewTime": 1375056000, "reviewTime": "07 29, 2013"}
{"reviewerID": "A2MGMBB5F9NED", "asin": "B0000004UU", "reviewerName": "Pete", "helpful": [12, 13], "reviewText": "This is $hort Dog's best album, without doubt.  All his albums are classic, but this one sits on the top.  This is old skool rap at its best, with the beats and his lyrics at top notch. My favorite songs are CussWords, I Ain't Trippin', Pimp The Ho, and Don't Fight The Feelin'.  CussWords goes for almost 8 minutes and not at one point in the song do u get sick of it!  Amazing lyrics and the beat is just off the chain.  I Ain't Trippin' has one of my favorite beats, just classic.  This album is just completely dope, and proves he is the REAL PIMP!  Not these wanna-be fakers such as 50 CENT.  50 cent aint no pimp, but its obvious his idol was $hort Dog.  Get this album if u havent already, and if u into modern commercial crap, then u should pick this up too, and see who the real pimp is.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Best Too $hort Album", "unixReviewTime": 1095897600, "reviewTime": "09 23, 2004"}
{"reviewerID": "A3LA5EHF2WWNFK", "asin": "B0000004UU", "reviewerName": "Philip Y.", "helpful": [9, 9], "reviewText": "This is Too $hort's second album on Jive Records. It was released in 1988 and it was right away a huge success - in fact it was the first Bay Area rap album to sell a million copies (it sold more than a million, like many of Too Short's later albums). It is a real rap classic with Too $hort once again spitting nothing but mack game all over the album. Ask any true West Coast rap fan about songs like \"I Ain't Trippin'\", the classic cut \"Don't Fight the Feeling\", the hard hitting \"Cusswords\" or the pimp anthem \"Pimp tha Hoe\" and you'll see what I mean. The album is timeless. Never mind it's from about 13 years ago - it's tight every time I listen to it. Good music never really gets old. The album was way ahead of it's time. In the late 80's no other rapper was talkin' about pimpin' (unlike these days, where any sucka wanna-be playa claims he's a pimp), and musically the album impresses too. It's a must-have, period.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "$hort Dog's first platinum album", "unixReviewTime": 997401600, "reviewTime": "08 10, 2001"}
{"reviewerID": "A1J5KCZC8CMW9I", "asin": "B0000004VK", "reviewerName": "H3@+h \"Over 1500 reviews!\"", "helpful": [3, 3], "reviewText": "Truth be known, I'd probably keep this over his \"Hits\" disc. I say that because three of his absolute best songs are here in their original form, and some of his other hits border on cheese. Plus there's other good stuff here too. \"Caribbean Queen (no more love on the run)\" was a huge hit, as was the ballad \"Suddenly\", and I think my favorite is easily \"Loverboy\". Plus this has the minor hit \"Mystery Lady\", and a decent cover of \"The Long And Winding Road\". That's over half the album, and the remaining four songs I'd call good filler. Any fan of 80's pop/soul should consider this a must own.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "His best album.", "unixReviewTime": 1147046400, "reviewTime": "05 8, 2006"}
{"reviewerID": "A299AG3O394X32", "asin": "B0000004VK", "reviewerName": "JON WATSON \"Pirate Jon\"", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "Billy Ocean delivered here and showed the world that he was out there and already performing, the stars aligned for this offering and what a powerhouse...my album for my time in Africa in the 80s.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "One of the best feel-good albums of the '80s and today", "unixReviewTime": 1339372800, "reviewTime": "06 11, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A15YPJLKLZS0MK", "asin": "B0000004VK", "reviewerName": "Joseph Johnson \"brother/knight templar\"", "helpful": [1, 7], "reviewText": "This was on TV all the time to promote Carribean Queen as an 80s classic. I had never heard the song in its entirety, and it clocked in at just above 7 minutes long. Loverboy and Suddenly are also good songs, but not enough for me to rate it higher than a disappointment with the artist as a whole. This is another one of those Cds I found at Wal Mart for 5 bucks. I guess they're still trying to make their money back from the first press. Didn't even include credits, and no lyrics in the package.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Carribean Queen", "unixReviewTime": 1243900800, "reviewTime": "06 2, 2009"}
{"reviewerID": "A1GN8UJIZLCA59", "asin": "B0000004VK", "reviewerName": "P Magnum", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "After peaking at number 22 in 1976 with his first hit \"Love Really Hurts Without You\", Billy Ocean spent the better part of next eight years in near obscurity until he burst back on the scene with the number one hit \"Caribbean Queen (No More Love On The Run)\".  It is an all-time great 80's hit with a slinky dance groove. It was followed up by \"Loverboy\" which was written by rock producer Mutt Lange and topped out at number two. It has a slick rock guitar crunch over a danceable beat.  The title track is a 180 from the first two tracks as it is a straight, syrupy ballad that soared up to number four on the charts.  The album peaked at number 9 and marked the start of Mr. Ocean's brief run as the one of the biggest singers in the world.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Suddenly A Star", "unixReviewTime": 1336003200, "reviewTime": "05 3, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1GN8UJIZLCA59", "asin": "B0000004VN", "reviewerName": "P Magnum", "helpful": [0, 1], "reviewText": "Tear Down These Walls was Billy Ocean's final run at chart success.  The album features one of the most reviled songs from the 80's, \"Get Outta My Dreams, Get Into My Car\".  It generally makes the list for worst songs from the 80's, but it is a little harsh as the song has a fun, innocent charm that seems to be missing from most songs these days.  It made its way to number one and it was the last time Mr. Ocean had a top ten single.  He became a casualty of the grunge movement in the early 90's as most 80's stars who were perceived to be soft met up with a similar chart demise.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Walls Fall Down", "unixReviewTime": 1336003200, "reviewTime": "05 3, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1IKOYZVFHO1XP", "asin": "B0000004VW", "reviewerName": "andy8047", "helpful": [2, 3], "reviewText": "Jamaica native Billy Ocean had a Top 20 hit in 1976,LOVE REALLY HURTS WITHOUT YOU. That should have appeared on this compilation with a few original tracks. The original tracks are LICENSE TO CHILL and I SLEEP BETTER(IN SOMEONE ELSE'S BED). The latter track features Will Smith,originally known as The Fresh Prince,who co-wrote the track. Hits from 1984's SUDDENLY are the title track,CARIBBEAN QUEEN(NO MORE LOVE ON THE RUN),LOVERBOY and MYSTERY LADY. From 1986's LOVE ZONE are the title track and THERE WILL BE SAD SONGS(TO MAKE YOU CRY). From 1988's TEAR DOWN THESE WALLS are the title track,THE COLOR OF LOVE,HERE'S TO YOU and GET OUT OF MY DREAMS GET INTO MY CAR. LOVE IS FOREVER from LOVE ZONE should be on this collection. Also there's WHEN THE GOING GETS TOUGH(THE TOUGH GET GOING) from the 1985 film THE JEWEL OF THE NILE. In the video,the film's stars Michael Douglas,Kathleen Turner and Danny DeVito(they starred in the 1984 predecessor ROMANCING THE STONE),appear as background vocalists for Ocean performing the song on stage. The actors were probably just lip-synching. Some of these songs were written by Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange,who produced music for The Cars and his country superstar wife Shania Twain.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The title says it all!", "unixReviewTime": 1109116800, "reviewTime": "02 23, 2005"}
{"reviewerID": "A1OQ4P7WEQQERS", "asin": "B0000004VW", "reviewerName": "Ekayen Essien", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "If you grew up in the 80's-early 90's you know who Billy Ocean is. This CD takes me back in time, i can reminisce and dance to my favorite, get out of my dream and get into my car.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "80's rock", "unixReviewTime": 1394150400, "reviewTime": "03 7, 2014"}
{"reviewerID": "A3R75H3IPPC2UX", "asin": "B0000004VW", "reviewerName": "MissK \"MissK\"", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "THIS CD WAS AMAZING! I LOVED IT. IT WAS SO GOOD TO HEAR SOME OF MY FAVORITE BILLY OCEAN SONGS..LIKE SUDDENLY...CARIBBEAN QUEEN, LOVE ZONE, & THEY'LL BE SAD SONGS..AMONG OTHERS! THIS TOOK ME ON A NICE STROLL DOWN MEMORY LANE! IF YOU ARE A FAN OF BILLY OCEAN GET THIS CD ASAP!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "BILLY OCEAN GREATEST HITS!", "unixReviewTime": 1358380800, "reviewTime": "01 17, 2013"}
{"reviewerID": "A9Q28YTLYREO7", "asin": "B0000004VW", "reviewerName": "mistermaxxx08 \"mistermaxxx08\"", "helpful": [1, 1], "reviewText": "this disc is okay but it doesn't show the talent&amp;depth of this man.from 76-82 he was grooving.then he came stateside and was watered down.this set hardly does the man justice.he is a very talented artist who  deserves better.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "very average listen to the pre-80's Billy for the real", "unixReviewTime": 949017600, "reviewTime": "01 28, 2000"}
{"reviewerID": "A1WWDFQ8HSKT0", "asin": "B0000004VW", "reviewerName": "Vincent M. Mastronardi", "helpful": [3, 3], "reviewText": "Billy Ocean.  If you call him the poor man's Michael Jackson, you should be smacked upside your head!  Despite &quot;Caribbean Queen&quot; having a keyboard part that sounds a little like &quot;Billy Jean&quot;, Billy manages to diversify to cutesy dance pop, funky R&amp;B to smothering slow jams.  Take the get-up anthems &quot;When The Going Gets Tough&quot; and &quot;Get Out of My Dreams&quot;, both fast paced grooving pop tunes.  With peppy sing along tunes like those, it s nearly a crime that he wasn't crowned the King of the era.  Then there are adult contemporary gems, which are sang sweetly and lightly like &quot;Suddenly&quot; and &quot;There ll Be Sad Songs&quot;.  Billy's funkiest track that hints of the islands is &quot;Love Zone&quot;.  &quot;Loverboy&quot; is a stomping rock beat dancer.  &quot;Tear Down These Walls&quot; is a good combo of a pop song in a slower more romantic way.  &quot;Mystery Lady&quot; is a romantic tribute.  Also, Billy gives us guests like the Fresh Prince  (now known as Will Smith) and Robert Lange (who produced heavy metal monsters AC/DC and Def Leppard before this and country queen wife Shania Twain after).  Then of course, there is &quot;Caribbean Queen&quot;, the blessing and the curse.It's kind of sad that the despite being known before the breakout hit &quot;Caribbean Queen&quot;, a funky fusion of dance pop and R&amp;B suavness, that none of those tracks are included on here.  Billy Ocean's &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; starts off with that unforgettable eighties jam (career wise, not by tracklisting) and touches on all 3 of his Jive albums, but nothing before or after that.  Look at the date on this disc.  1989.  Is that an omen?  Unfortunately, all of Billy's other stuff appear to be out of print or only available as costly imports. When you listen to this disc, you will fell something, whether it is joy or sorrow.  I almost second-guessed the man and thought the only songs I liked would the upbeat well-known radio staples.  I didn t even remember the adult contemporary staple ballads.  This album is essential 1980s!  I guess some people have a time period in which they do their most successful work (not a real revelation by any means).  But Billy Ocean wasn't just a part of the music scene during his run.  Billy owned it!  Here s To You, Mr. Ocean.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "When the going gets tough, get this CD!", "unixReviewTime": 1019520000, "reviewTime": "04 23, 2002"}
{"reviewerID": "AYPCUQS6ARWFH", "asin": "B0000004X1", "reviewerName": "Andre M. \"brnn64\"", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "This came out in the midst of a lot of negativity in hip hop which has since overtaken the genre. KRS-One did a good job here in denouncing racism both inside and outside of the black community, dealing with issues of identity (the homeless and ya strugglin-note the subtle swipe at Michael Jackson in the latter) and an all-star jam with the BDP crew (D-nice, Miss Melody, Sister Harmony, etc). Some excerpts from Stokely Carmichael (yes, THAT Stoke-shortly before his death) are quite enlightening.Sadly, Kris Parker's hold on the youth did not last much longer as gangster (c)rap went on to destroy the music, but that's another story. Get this and see how rap COULD have been.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "A breath of fresh air-good anti-racist CD", "unixReviewTime": 1172880000, "reviewTime": "03 3, 2007"}
{"reviewerID": "A9Q28YTLYREO7", "asin": "B0000004X1", "reviewerName": "mistermaxxx08 \"mistermaxxx08\"", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "BDP was History FOr ME&amp;Many Others.Black History at it's Finest.The Great Mind Of KRS-One Spoke of Things that A School Book Couldn't or Wouldn't Mention.The Music is as Strong as The Message.Along With  Rakim,Public Enemy,Gil Scott-Heron etc.. School is in Session.Before Rap  Got Watered Down this was The Real Deal.The way The Words were Meant to Be  said.Track 9&amp;13 don't Front.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "VERY STRONG", "unixReviewTime": 958176000, "reviewTime": "05 13, 2000"}
{"reviewerID": "A373KGHJIJWJCP", "asin": "B0000004X1", "reviewerName": "Sean Currie (hypestyle@yahoo.com)", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "Standout cuts:  &quot;Love's Gonna Getcha&quot;- recently covered by none other than Snoop Doggy Dogg.Beef- Kris checked the beef industry long before Oprah.Ya Struggling- disdainful R&amp;B artists are skewered in  this playful assault.Breath Control II- a mellow reggae message  moment.Get this album, folks!  It's still hot!!", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "LOVE'S GONNA GET YOU!  AND SO IS THIS ALBUM!!!", "unixReviewTime": 911088000, "reviewTime": "11 15, 1998"}
{"reviewerID": "AGEIT17HENDIS", "asin": "B0000004XH", "reviewerName": "Alfred Johnson", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "Readers of this space may be aware that over the past year or so I have gone to great lengths to highlight some of the blues greats that I was doggedly devoted to as a kid (and still am) and helped form in me, and others from my generation, the Generation of '68 as well, an important musical component as we fought our political battles for a more just society. The names of Lead Belly, Josh White, Son House, Muddy Waters and the like easily come to mind.And then in a whisper in the back of the brain comes- don't forget Buddy Guy. Well, of course. The Chicago blues branch of the blues tree would not be complete without recognizing what every serious blues artist of the time recognized- here was a master. This CD only goes to prove the point. Electric guitar, acoustic guitar, solo, with Junior Wells, without Junior, as a backup to others Guy did it all. Even with all-star help of Jeff Beck and the like here this is strictly Buddy's gig. That's why there was that little whisper.So what is good here? Well, how about the title track \"Damn Right, I've Got The Blues\", \"Black Night\" and the jump tune\" Where Is The Next One Coming From?\". But, for my money Buddy's rendition of \"Mustang Sally\" is worth the price of admission. Can't you just see Sally riding now? Listen and see if you agree.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Ride Sally Ride", "unixReviewTime": 1229644800, "reviewTime": "12 19, 2008"}
{"reviewerID": "A2DB9LVEZRDMEY", "asin": "B0000004XH", "reviewerName": "Bruce A. Nelson", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "DAMN RIGHT THIS IS A GREAT CD.BUDDY PROVES THAT HE CAN ROCK AS WELL AS PLAY GREAT BLUES.I LOVE THE SONG MUSTANG SALLY.AND HIS ALMOST 7 MINUTE TRIBUTE TO STEVIE RAY VAUGHN REMEMBERIN STEVIE IS JUST GREAT.I THINK THAT  THIS CD HAS SOMETHING FOR BLUES AND ROCK FANS ALIKE AND WOULD HIGHLY  RECOMEND IT.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "great blues", "unixReviewTime": 961113600, "reviewTime": "06 16, 2000"}
{"reviewerID": "A3PGGPL7FM9F81", "asin": "B0000004XH", "reviewerName": "Docendo Discimus", "helpful": [1, 1], "reviewText": "Excellent production and mixing, crisp, clear sound, and a strong track list makes this one of Buddy Guy's strongest records, his second-best best latter-day album right behind 1994's pure blues CD \"Slippin' In\".The track list spans classic electric blues, Memphis soul, and, well, John Hiatt. Guy's cover of Hiatt's \"Where Is The Next One Coming From\" is pretty good, but doesn't really add anything new to the song, and we don't really need another version of \"Early In The Morning\", especially not this rather bland one.But there are highlights a-plenty nevertheless: Guy's eight-minute rendition of Eddie Boyd's classic \"Five Long Years\" is a delicious, smouldering slow blues, and he lays down a great \"Mustang Sally\" and a fine rendition of Big Jay McNeely's mournful \"There Is Something On Your Mind\".Buddy Guy's expressive tenor voice suits the slow, tortured blues songs on this set very well, but he performs equally well on the powerful, swaggering title track and the mid-tempo \"Too Broke To Spend The Night\", two of his best self-penned songs for a long, long time. \"Too Broke\" in particular is strongly reminiscent of Guy's sizzling 60s recordings for Chess, and this spirited reading of Willie Dixon's \"Let Me Love You Baby\" is among the highlights as well.There is an expanded edition out there which adds two bonus tracks, and while none of those are absolutely essential, they're not bottom-of-the-barrel scrapings either, so if you don't already have the original album, by all means, get the one with the bonus cuts on it. No need to buy it again if you do, though.\"Damn Right\" is a really fine album, deservingly winning Guy an Emmy in 1991. The sometimes erratic veteran plays some tremendous electric guitar, and the self-penned material shows that Buddy Guy's muse is not spent after all.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "A fine comeback", "unixReviewTime": 1078704000, "reviewTime": "03 8, 2004"}
{"reviewerID": "A1KCAB6A5E93IE", "asin": "B0000004XH", "reviewerName": "ty7777 \"I don't give out m'name\"", "helpful": [8, 9], "reviewText": "This lasts about 54 minutes. 4 tracks feature horns.  There are three original Guy tracks. All are great. One- title track, 2- a slow moody instrumental dedicated to Stevie Ray Vaughan, 3-one of Guy's best songs and captures some ferocious guitar playing for 5 minutes and is called Too Broke Too Spend the Night. If you wanted to, you could fit all of these songs into contemporary blues music for either lyrics or music, but only six of the ten tracks fit in a traditional sense. There's 3 slow blues, including the instrumental track called Rememberin' Stevie, the classic Black Night{done by Willie Nelson and Dr. John later}and also Five Long Years another classic covered in Eric Clapton's all blues album From the Cradle. I don't want insult the great musicians on this album, but you could say the only truly remarkable thing about it is Buddy himself. At his top level of playing on this record he is definetely one of the best guitar players in blues. Ups: Alot of powerful vocals. The keyboards are used perfectly, not over or underdone. Let me love you baby is a song that was written by Willie Dixon and one of the last songs Steve Vaughan covered on record and one of Buddy's best recordings. There may be possible downs here for you,though it is all great music.  In my opinion the extra guitar players were almost completely unhelpful, and were uneeded at any rate. Of course Mark Knopfler and Eric Clapton didn't take anything away but your ears would have to put mine to shame to be able to distinguish them. Jeff Beck was clear but he didn't do anything Guy couldn't do. Bottom line is that these great guitarists were just for promotion and they probably knew it. As for John Porter and Neil Hubbard who are probably in Guy's live band or studio musicians- One or both played on all tracks including the ones with the other guitarists. They were probably only there for the occasional rythm or tiny sound effect or mimicry and really weren't much help even if they did more. They maybe even taking away from Buddy at times. I can't even understand Guy using them. There were back up vocalists in 3 songs which is an uncommon thing in straight blues. Lastly -highly produced and slightly cluttered with people who may not have belonged. The production may bother some blues fans but did however cause some great sound through the record and didn't take away from the character which Guy and the blues is known for. If you are looking for Guy at a more raw hard blues stage then get Stone Crazy which is a standard- Buddy on lead guitar and his brother Phil doing back-up work-then Bass and drums. It's  simple and also one of the classic harcore blues albums.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Great music", "unixReviewTime": 985478400, "reviewTime": "03 25, 2001"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ETZ7GF5B1712", "asin": "B0000004YB", "reviewerName": "Chandler \"Infamous\"", "helpful": [1, 1], "reviewText": "If you haven't learned already, you'll learn now that Too Short is one of my favorite rappers. Almost everything hes dropped up until 1995 has either been classic or near classic material. Here is his number seven album \"Shorty The Pimp\", more of the Oakland sounding funk that he is known to put out with the help of his right hand producer Ant Banks, who produced the majority of this album...so you know it's going to be good.Some tracks that immediately stood out to me were \"Hoes\" and \"No Love From Oakland\" two perfect sounding songs. The latter song, Short Dog spits two extremely long verses over a weird Banks beat. \"Step Daddy\" is a funny song about Short playing the role hooking up with a woman with kids. To me that is the best song on the album. \"Hoochie\" is another great song produced by D'Wayne Wiggins. The lead singles from this album were \"In The Trunk\" where Short spits one long verse, and \"I Want To Be Free (That's The Truth)\" where he rhymes about how bad cops in Oakland are. For all you newcommers to Short, you'll be suprised that he actually rhymed about something else more than sex. Near the end, Ant Banks, Pooh-Man, and Mhisani (Goldy) comes in for \"Something To Ride To\" where after they rhyme, the beat just plays for an additional six or seven minutes.Shorty The Pimp is an excellent album, especially if you're a fan of Too Short. Some of the tracks sound dated, but never loose their replay value. Fans of Bay Area rap will like this one. This is a perfect album to get hyped up for whats one of my personal favorite albumsGet in Where You Fit In. Peace.Lyrics: AProduction: A-Guest Appearances: AMusical Vibes: ATop 5 Tracks:1. Step Daddy2. No Love From Oakland3. Something To Ride To (featuring Pooh-Man, Ant Banks, and Goldy)4. Hoes5. I Want To Be Free (And Thats The Truth)", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Album Number Seven (Rating: 8 out of 10- -4.0 stars)", "unixReviewTime": 1194480000, "reviewTime": "11 8, 2007"}
{"reviewerID": "AVHCWL9AHLEL9", "asin": "B0000004YB", "reviewerName": "Christopher Ware", "helpful": [7, 7], "reviewText": "This is, by far, Too Short's best album.  The whole thing is full of his unique, laid back flow and Yay Area beats.  IN THE TRUNK and I AIN'T NOTHIN' BUT A DOG are the best songs, epitomizing Short's lifestyle.  IN  THE TRUNK has the funkiest beat, and the bass...you get submerged in it.  The production on the whole album is tight and Short Dog lays it all out  for the world to see:  the Oaktown lifestyle.  He's an Oakland Vet and  wants everybody to know it.  This is a no compromise album and one of the  best in my collection.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Too Sheezie's best album", "unixReviewTime": 962150400, "reviewTime": "06 28, 2000"}
{"reviewerID": "A32EDSKLEUZ3Y7", "asin": "B0000004YH", "reviewerName": "Chris", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "This album has always been under appreciated but he goes quite hardcore on this album.He also has some beats by Prince Paul.some pretty dope beats and of course his knowledge still reigns supreme on this album.Freddie Foxxx is even on this album.I would recommend this album,battle rhymes and some fun raps and some hard raps on here.Lyrics 10/10 Production 9/10 X Factor 9/10 Classic 8/10 Replay 9Total-8.5 out of 10 Fingers", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "BDP is Awesome always", "unixReviewTime": 1094515200, "reviewTime": "09 7, 2004"}
{"reviewerID": "A23F0RW1RUBBDF", "asin": "B0000004YH", "reviewerName": "D Bourgie \"dbourgie@comcast.com\"", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "This is probably my favorite BDP album. It has great lyrics, great beats, and is really a personal album. KRS-One talks about issues dealing with sex, drugs, and violence. I can't believe that this got bad reviews when it first came out. Favorites include Duck Down, Like a Throttle, Build and Destroy, Poisonous Products, Questions and Answers, and Sex and Violence. Get this and all of BDP's albums to support the real hip hop.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Underrated", "unixReviewTime": 1122854400, "reviewTime": "08 1, 2005"}
{"reviewerID": "ADCFUY7WTZA6A", "asin": "B0000004YH", "reviewerName": "Jimmy Garcia", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "I really feel like this was the best BDP album. KRS-1 is always amazing yes...but this is just mind blowing! It deserves 10 stars. Start your hip hop collection with this.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "My Favorite from the Teacher!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1155168000, "reviewTime": "08 10, 2006"}
{"reviewerID": "A17OH2QDO7MU8C", "asin": "B0000004YH", "reviewerName": "Mercedes \"Truth Will Never Be Popular\"", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "so far, my fave tracks:1)Duck Down(sick,wicked drum beat.)2)Like a throttle(club banger. how could you not dance to this one ?)3)We In There- good loop.4)Build And Destroy- This song gives a black eye to The Poor Righteous Teachers AND X-Clan.(\"Too many teachers in the class spoil the school.After awhile you got blabberin' F***in fools.\")(\"What are you doing for yourself, Black Man,tryin' hard to be the original man? who?the first man with the first tan on the first land with the first clan?WHO GIVES A D*** ?!\")Sucker,Wack Or Booty M.C.'s Need NOT apply. Krs-One made that abundantly clear on this album.(\"I don't battle to win or lose i battle to ruin your whole career.\")old-school hip-hop with a message as well...what more can my ears ask for ? :D", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The teacher has spoken.", "unixReviewTime": 1207094400, "reviewTime": "04 2, 2008"}
{"reviewerID": "A20EQCMAGDU0J0", "asin": "B0000004YH", "reviewerName": "Mike J", "helpful": [28, 31], "reviewText": "I've attempted to write this review before but it would not post due to it's length, so I'll attempt to be brief, (notice I said attempt).  Why would I run out of space writting about a seldom heralded little known BDP album?Well, first being that I consider this album to be perfect.  And I mean perfect in every sense of the word.  Sex and Violence is my all time favorite album and I ain't scared to admit it...But first, let's set the historical context.  The Blastmaster was at a very strange time in his life when he made this album.  He had just divorced his wife Ms. Melodee.  He had split up from the majority of the BDP crew (hence the harsh liner notes for anyone but Kenny Parker and Ill Will to \"Stop Frontin'\").  He'd been subliminally dissed by X-Clan, (RIP Professor X), Wise Intelligent from Poor Righteous Teachers, and Prince Be of P.M. Dawn.  Maybe even a little subliminally by Ice Cube and NWA, (although that one's gotta be read into really deeply).  Hell, even D-Nice was talking bad about Kris in the Source.  The Heal project had failed.  BDP's live album and corresponding video did not move the units that he or his label had desired.  Even worse, East Coast Hip Hop seemed to be on a decline, (this album was released prior to Illmatic).  What to do?  Well, for starters, Krs showed up impromptu at a P.M. Dawn concert and unceremoniously through Prince Be off the stage, (\"Damn, Kris IS kinda big\"), and then proceeded to rock the house to the tune of \"I'm Still Number One\".  Proof positive KRS was not havin it in '92.Unfortunately, all of these incidents led to a very confused fan base.  Seems everyone had gotten used to KRS' Stop the Violence and Edutainment messages and forgotten Criminal Minded and By All Means Necessary.  They also forgot that KRS is still a human being and not some sort of deity.  Ultimately, his fan base left him as it has done and will probably continue to do for years to come.  The fact that KRS is an artist and will express himself with how he is feeling at the time needs to be recognized.  I'm sure ALL Hip Hop fans have felt alienated by KRS albums or ideas at some point (myself included).Sex and Violence is the culmination of all of KRS frustration.  The Blastmaster of old reared his ugly head and spit hard and fast.  KRS bludgeons the competition with tracks like...well, everything except \"The Real Holy Place\" which is a sort of spoken word piece about God being within us all and \"Drug Dealer\".  On the later, KRS brilliantly advises drug dealers of the world to unite and use their money to improve the community.  Of course, all anyone heard was that the dealers should \"Organize (their) business and open up a school.  This was again interpreted by any of his fickle fan base left that KRS wanted to make Drug Dealer High School, (c'mon now, Open your mind and put a book in it!!!).Other than those two songs, from the intro where KRS plays the role of a DJ dying from lack of vinyl, (a BIG issue back in 92, believe me) to the final grand indictment of the IRS on \"Who Are the Pimps?\" KRS seems to have no end of material for fueling his fire.  For the sudden prevalence and dominance of Gangsta Rap, (and most specifically NWA's Efil4zaggiN album), the fire of the singles \"Duck Down\" and \"We In There\" came out punching with lines like \"I spit on your #1 hit\" and \"in jail in a pair of panties you'll look just stunning\".  For X-Clan and PRT there's \"Build and Destroy\" where KRS scientifically breaks both crews and his philosphy down with classic lines like \"Too many teachers in the class spoil the school/after awhile you've got blabbering f*ckin fools\" (ouch!!!).  For society at large there's the second single \"13 and Good\", \"Say Gal\" and \"Poisonous Products\".  Here Krs edutains the masses about our musical and societal problems with infidelity, morality, vanity... Basically holding up a mirror for us to look at and ask \"What the f*ck is wrong with you?\"To explain all this \"madness\", KRS supplies \"Question and Answer\".  Here KRS breaks down the point of the whole album.  In a format similar to \"Imma Break It Down\" by Eazy-E, KRS interviews himself about various times in his career, his overall message, his own sincerity, and what he's doing to help.  Sadly, this track was never a single so no one ever heard KRS explanation and most of the singles fell on what were becoming deaf ears.Next come the biggest surprises of all.  The first is the crazy allout breath control fest of \"Like a Throttle\".  This is the ABSOLUTE BEST exercise in breath distribution ever.  I've memorized every line in this album and am amazed to this day how KRS rips this sh*t!!!!  The second big surprise comes in the form of a newly invigorated Freddie Foxxx.  While Foxxx had appeared earlier on Kool G Rap's Wanted Dead or Alive track \"Money In The Bank\", it is on tracks \"The Original Way\" and \"Ruff Ruff\" where Freddie starts repping the sound that made him the commodity he became a short while later.  His LOOOOOOOOOOONG verse on Ruff Ruff is one of his best ever and, if you ever meet me or KRS or Freddie and are so inclined to hear, has a great story behind it.Finally, the results.  After all that, the album didn't sell.  In fact, it remains the worst selling BDP album of their carreer.  The first album to receive a \"Mic\" in the source, (they were records before this album was reviewed), received a 4 1/2 rating.  The label released 3 singles (all of which have near classic, must have extra tracks).  They did three videos.  Everything was in place except for the alienated fan base.  Maybe they'd all jumped on the West Coast band wagon of Gangsterism and Mysogyny.  More likely, they just weren't ready for the new Boom Bap.  I figure when the revolution that Nas, Wu-Tang, Boot Camp Clik, and DITC was brought to the table, KRS had to feel like he was slapped.  The Teacha and more importantly innovator was ahead of his time again.  Pick it up so you can make it your time now.(Guess that wasn't very brief, huh?)", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Question?  Why everything you do is Fresh?", "unixReviewTime": 1148860800, "reviewTime": "05 29, 2006"}
{"reviewerID": "AD65VRJZIUKKV", "asin": "B000000504", "reviewerName": "D-locc$ta", "helpful": [4, 7], "reviewText": "1 OF THA MO$T CLA$ICC WE$T COA$T GANG$TA RAP ALBUMZ EVER-FROM $TART 2 MUTHAF*CKIN FINI$H NUTHIN BUT THAT 510 $ICC $HIT ON HIT FROM MR.EA$T BAY GANG$TA SPICE-1...EVERY TRACK IZ THA $HIT-DONT SLEEP-MAKE SURE 2 COPP ALL HIZ EARLY MATERIAL...", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "187 HE WROTE", "unixReviewTime": 1109030400, "reviewTime": "02 22, 2005"}
{"reviewerID": "A13ZCL7UXEDF14", "asin": "B000000504", "reviewerName": "Fizzle \"theerave\"", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "What can I say about this album that hasn`t been already said. This was a gift from old Spigatee One. This is just great west coast classic gangsta goodness.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "A Wonderful West Coast Gangsta Rap Classic", "unixReviewTime": 1305936000, "reviewTime": "05 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ETZ7GF5B1712", "asin": "B000000509", "reviewerName": "Chandler \"Infamous\"", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "Leave it to KRS-One to teach what hip hop is supposed to sound like. After dropping the Boogie Down Productions name, Kris comes correct on his 1993 album, Return Of The Boom Bap. The production on here is pretty much on point, courtesy of DJ Premier, Kid Capri, Norty Cotto, and Showbiz. All those dope producers, expect that signature east coast sound to represent.A good number of tracks here are excellent. Tracks such as \"Outta Here\", \"Slap Them Up\", and \"Sound Of The Police\" (if you can, get the 12\" that has the B-side \"Hip Hop Vs. Rap\") are easy standout. \"Mad Crew\" is an easy headbanger, along with \"P Is Still Free\". Another favorite of mine is \"Brow Skin Woman\".Kris missteps here on early points on this album like the boring sounding \"Mortal Thought\" and the odd concept of himself being a blunt being passed around to various rappers on \"I Can't Wake Up\". A few others float around, but that doesn't stop that from being a good album. Given that this is one that defiantly needs to be in your music collection, as this one would be in rotation for sometime. Peace.Lyrics: AProduction AGuest Appearances: BMusical Vibes: B+Top 5 Tracks:1. \"P\" Is Still Free2. Brown Skin Woman3. Outta Here4. Mad Crew5. Slap Them UpHonorable Mention:1. Return Of The Boom Bap2. Sound Of Da Police", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "\"Back In The Days, I Knew Rap Would Never Die\" (Rating: 8 out of 10- -4.0 stars)", "unixReviewTime": 1222560000, "reviewTime": "09 28, 2008"}
{"reviewerID": "AISD7WNNE6POG", "asin": "B000000509", "reviewerName": "getgo \"getgo\"", "helpful": [0, 1], "reviewText": "I was a basshead and this album was played quit a bit in the car, especially the song in the middle of the album with a bass line that goes and goes just loved it.  Also liked the idea of being passed around as a blunt.  Overall, the album has some offbeats, steady beats, and slamming beats.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "offbeats, steady beats, slamming beats", "unixReviewTime": 1201392000, "reviewTime": "01 27, 2008"}
{"reviewerID": "A2MGMBB5F9NED", "asin": "B000000509", "reviewerName": "Pete", "helpful": [5, 5], "reviewText": "I have been a krs-one fan for a LONG time, and would have to say this is his best album.  Sound Of Da Police is completely off the hook, the lyrics are some of the best you'll come across.  Krs is one of the greatest rappers ever, and this album is a timeless underground classic.  This is REAL hip-hop, dont support what we hear on the radio these days, its all crap, listen to legends like krs-one and rakim.  Other good tracks are KRS-One Attacks and Return Of Da Boombap.Beats - 10/10Lyrics - 10/10Production - 10/10Originality - 10/10Final Note - 5 Mic Classic, one that all true rap/hip-hop fans have.  Classic album, one of the best of our time.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "This is DEFINITELY krs at his best", "unixReviewTime": 1096761600, "reviewTime": "10 3, 2004"}
{"reviewerID": "A373KGHJIJWJCP", "asin": "B000000509", "reviewerName": "Sean Currie (hypestyle@yahoo.com)", "helpful": [5, 6], "reviewText": "The most INCREDIBLE album of 1993.  FAR superior to Snoop Doggy Dogg's  debut album, which overshadowed this, plus seemingly everything else at the  time.  Do yourself a favor and PICK THIS UP!  DJ Premier and Kid Capri's  production skills are not to be fronted on!Most blazing track:  Higher  Level-  With a blistering sample from the BLACULA soundtrack (?), Kris  rants and raves in the glorious fashion that only he can.Other  outstanding cuts:  KRS-One Attacks, Outta Here, Sound of Da Police, P is  Still Free.This is the first official SOLO album from KRS-ONE of Boogie  Down Productions.  Check out all his other albums, including the latest, I  GOT NEXT...", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "AH YEAH!  KRIS IS BACK WITH MORE OF THAT HARDCORE NOISE!", "unixReviewTime": 908150400, "reviewTime": "10 12, 1998"}
{"reviewerID": "A3KENOAUKTWZJL", "asin": "B000000509", "reviewerName": "SxS", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "The first album from KRS-One{Knowledge Rein Supreme...} that i loved on the first listen.KRS One Attacks,Blacc cop,Sound of da police, Mad Crew,\"P' Is Still Free,Stop Frontin'!!! is insane,Higher Level!!!{Not for the dumb,deaf,& blind}, & Outta Here.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Sound's of a banging album", "unixReviewTime": 1376092800, "reviewTime": "08 10, 2013"}
{"reviewerID": "A1RUS4H3HSL5IB", "asin": "B000000509", "reviewerName": "T. macedo \"DeadlyRhymez\"", "helpful": [2, 2], "reviewText": "True hip hop at its purest form was being born wit krs's return of the boom rap... Diz should already be in true heads collection no weak joints. A classic from a genious. Best tracks ? \" mad crew\" , \"sound of the police\" , and , \"stop frontin\" a true classic.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Classic", "unixReviewTime": 1180742400, "reviewTime": "06 2, 2007"}
{"reviewerID": "A3C6ZCBUNXUT7V", "asin": "B00000050N", "reviewerName": "G$ \"Z-Wad\"", "helpful": [3, 4], "reviewText": "The boyz from Port Arthur return after 2 years for their 2nd group album, and their 2nd best album.  Only 11 songs but no weak point, 1 classic, 2 almost classics, 2 are ok, and the rest are good or great songs.  Guests are on 3 of the 11 songs.  As usual for a UGK album, the production is great and handled mostly by Pimp C (9 songs) and DJ DMD does the other 2.  They show why they're the best group to come out of the south on this one and especially with their \"Ridin Dirty\" album.  A must have, great album!!#1 - 10 (CLASSIC hardcore song w/ great beat -- just over 2 minutes)#2 - 8.5#3 - 9 (relaxing beat --  about Dom P)#4 - 9.5 (great beat)#5 - 8 (about the FEDS in town)#6 - 7 (part 2 of \"Pocket Full Of Stones\")#7 - 7#8 - 9#9 - 8 (f/ 3-2 -- about drugs & junkies -- nice relaxing beat)#10 - 8 (f/ 3-2 ---- about pu$$y)#11 - 9.5 (f/ DJ DMD -- great beat)BUN B -- Bernard Freeman -- b. 1973 -- Port Arthur, TXPIMP C -- Chad Butler -- b. 12/73 - d. 12/4/07 -- Port Arthur, TXUnderGround Kingz!!!check all my reviews", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "4.5 star 2nd Group Album from UGK - R.I.P. Pimp C", "unixReviewTime": 1117843200, "reviewTime": "06 4, 2005"}
{"reviewerID": "A14W1VNMMYLWND", "asin": "B00000050N", "reviewerName": "Soul Groove \"Formerly G-Funk  4-Ever\"", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "Pimp C and Bun B came out in 1994 with an album with nothin but fire.  This album slams from start to finish with that old school down south feel.  The beats are melodic G-Funk, with twangy guitar and smokin keyborad riffs.  Lyrically and vocally, UGK kills in all departments.  They really know how to tear up the mic with their firey flows. The track \"Feds in Town\" is a gangster classic with a phat, funky beat and tight scratches. \"Super Tight...\" is the perfect one to pop in the six fo while hittin switches down the avenue. The mid 90's was one of the best periods in rap history, and this album is testament to it.  Don't sleep on this classic.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Slammin' Cuts Str8 Outta Texas", "unixReviewTime": 1142899200, "reviewTime": "03 21, 2006"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ETZ7GF5B1712", "asin": "B00000050R", "reviewerName": "Chandler \"Infamous\"", "helpful": [1, 2], "reviewText": "See, this is why I love West Coast music. Too $hort's eighth album \"Get In Where You Fit In\" is so funky, words cannot explain how much I fell in love with this album. I got into Short Dog back in 2000, with \"You Nasty\", and felt that I should check out his earlier work. This was the very first album I picked up, in his albums before his retirement.First, Too Short's rhyme skills are great throughout this album. Just about every song he really kick some dope rhymes. Whether if it's about his pimp game (\"BJ Betty\"...would be used in a recent DTP song), life in the ghetto streets in Oakland (\"Money In The Ghetto\"), or just in the day in the life of ol' Short Dog (\"Just Another Day\").Production is PERFECT, curteosy of The Dangerous Crew, Ant Banks, and QDIII (who produced Ice Cube's \"Lethal Injection\" album). QD III produces only one track, \"Just Another Day\" and that track clocks in about 7 minutes of funk. Some other funky produced tracks throughout this album is \"The Dangerous Crew\" , \"Money In The Ghetto\". ALL of these tracks are well produced. I've been listening to rap music for a LONG time, and I'd say, when it comes to production in albums, this would be ranked in my top 5. It's THAT good. (I can't stress that enough)Guest appearances also bring their A game. \"The Dangerous Crew\" would feature Bay Area arists Spice 1 (I might want to look into this guy too), Ant Banks, Mhisani, and Pee Wee. Ant Banks also appears on \"All My ******* Are Gone\" (he says the tighest line towards the end of the song).Flaws are very little, if you can find any. If you're one of those people who gets offended by derogitory comments toward women, you might not want to come near this or any other Too Short album. Other than that, this album is perfect. I purchased this album about 5 months ago, and it easily became in my top favorites. This is also my first Too Short album pre-retirement, and I'd say I made a very good choice here. If you're reading the reviews here, you need to click the \"Add To Cart\" button right now. At the price it's listed right now ($9.99 damn near a steal if you ask me), there should be no excuse of why you're not going to pick up this album. It's albums like this that make me wish I lived in Oakland.Lyrics: A+Production: A++Guest Appearances: A+Musical Vibes: A+Overall: A+Favorite Tracks: All thirteen tracks are my favorites.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Album Number Eight (Rating: 10 out of 10- -5 stars)", "unixReviewTime": 1166400000, "reviewTime": "12 18, 2006"}
